What I know for sure is this revolution is Anti-zionist. The Palestinian cause is synonymous with BLM. The Israelis train US Law enforcement. Same people, same agenda. 
 Zionist slime bag TX Governor foes full tyranny!!! Orders all to wear a mask in public places. I thought Republicans States were better than Democrat States you morons who still believe in the <number> party fakery!!! They ALL serve the same master. 
 I would argue that not only is it intentional, it's a deliberate attempt to twist of the discourse around Judaism and Jewishness, with the intent of cementing their far-right, obligate Zionist beliefs as the only "real" Judaism. 
 Zionism distorted the history of how Judaism came to Ethiopia. Zionists skip the fact the Judaism has been practiced in Ethiopia for <number> years uninterrupted before the birth of Jesus Christ. Zionists want to deny Ethiopia’s Judaic place because it changes the whole narrative... 
 Steffanos these AG's were covering for elite members of the Washington Zionist Aipac money club $$$$$ 
 Being anti-zionist is not antisemitic.... 
 I know and I attribute it to the step-by-step parasite bankster takeover. The "dumbing-down" and corruption of the whole world is almost complete now. It is so total that one has to conclude the anticipated religious "end times" must be true! 
 you and your sheikh are sellouts, you are zionists! Supporting a fake peace, Allah will grab you! Disgrace! 
 As a self confessed Zionist hoodlum you are clearly not interested in a good look, nor racism nor anti-Semitism IMHO Jewish Labour Members are fair game, no? 
 Stop seeking protection for Jewish students from anti-Semitism, and demand instead protection for Zionist students from anti-Zionism, said Judea Pearl. 
 Treacherous/selfish act by , betraying all &amp; even to kiss &amp; bow at bloody hands of convicted zionist murderers/occupiers of nuclear apartheid regime &amp; mossad mercenaries for vested interest/trade, fallen dorks. 
 Trump is afraid of his Zionist bosses. 
 Well well, you really are a very intelligent woman, a sweet and smart African American, good to know there are still people who see what really is going in the shadows our county and most part of the world is controlled and owned by the same Zionist mafia the first slave runners 
 Just another common, all garden Jew hater hiding behind the “anti-Zionist/pro-Palestinian” mask of deceit. Happy to see the demise of Israel and would turn a blind to fact that means the death of her citizens 
 IF YOU WANT PEACE IN THE WORLD – get rid of the warmongers, the Zionists, the neo-cons, the lying, cheating, stealing demons: like , , , and their kind. 
 World without zionist without ? To say it with Sam Cooks words : what a wonderfull world it would be! <percent> of evilness would vanish! 
 Shes not the only one...campus antisemitism also made me realize how pro- I was. Campus Made Me a Zionist 
 I didnt get the honor to get blocked by him yet. 
 I wonder who planted all these hundred yr old trees Israeli Soldiers are ripping up in their Thousands. Jeez. Even in the <number> 's, zionists recognised that every arable acre was cultivated by Palestinians. Or did the Kibutz end up in the deserts because zionists like dry lands? 
 Ben Shapiro SPEECHLESS After Emma Vigeland EVISCERATES Him --- BEN SHAPIRO AWARDED THE ZIONIST-OF-THE-YEAR BY THE OTHER BENJAMIN. --- 
 No, no, no. They just found out the sky is a Zionist. Have not you ever heard about climate control? 
 You do not know God savages has o humanity. Zionist Rothschild warmongers 
 I do not think it was a new construct either. In the US, and in Germany, I believe that's the usual form. What did change with IHRA is, it decided to re-brand that form as something with which to silence Palestine supporters. Zionists have weaponised 'antisemitism'. 
 scarlett johansson is a zionist why am i not surprised 
 'Can not vote for a party full of Zionists,' says John. 
 Today is marks the 17th anniversary of the assassination of the American activist Rachel Corrie, who was killed in Gaza Strip by Zionist Apartheid bulldozer while protecting the Gazan family home from demolition by Zionist Forces 
 It is not "left" against "right." It is bankers against humanity. They try to distract us with the silly 'left-vs-right' nonsense. 
 this joker represents the zionist elite 
 Please stop with the FAKE/STAGED PROPAGANDA! ​ ​These tactics of villainizing Melanated people have been used over and over for decades and will no longer work! We know your plans you: Goverment/Zionist/Cabal will stage several outrages events leading up to the Elections! 
 FFS. American anti-Zionists know nothing about Israel. Should Arish have been fired for protesting Abu Yair? No. But someone needs to take a long look at Arish’s career and her reporting during Operation Cast Lead before standing in solidarity with this woman. 
 Bet those Isreal Zionist are loving this 
 Says the Zionist. You are not a victim. Say hello to the Palestinians for me. 
 Israel and USA r real culprit Actually Zionist 
 Abu Dhabi takes the decision of normalization with the Zionist entity without the consent of the rest of the six Emirates. It became necessary to liberate the rest of the Emirates by dismantling the state. 
 Canaanites are not Arabs. Even less Philistines that you confuse with 'Palestinians'. Even less Jebusites. Stop stealing the identities of people who were there and disappeared into the Jewish people before Arabs even invaded the Levant. 
 He was murdered! He was murderedby apartheid Israel gun happy Zionist. He’s probably getting his organs harvested and sold on the black market. Something Israel is known for. 
 is this some kind of weird zionist flex? 
 Furthermore, Obama is simultaneously a sharia-law abiding Muslim and Zionist Mossad agent 
 Even if he did has it he's Zionists buddy's have the antidotes to save his ass and keep him in power for the next presidential term so he could carry on their scum plans for the new world order deal. 
 After Corbyn, UK Labour elects Keir Starmer, Zionist with Jewish wife, as leader | The Times of Israel ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ 
 There is no freedom in Israël whatsoever. It's taken hostage by Zionists. They have brought great damage to it,and will not stop until it's destroyed from the core. These are"people"with no boundaries,only in for Mayhem and destruction. The holy land ,a base for terrorism. Really 
 I’m watching this documentary about <number> and Zionists are recounting their memories like “I killed the arab and I had no remorse and didn’t blame myself but I said poor fellow” and then chuckle or some shit 
 “they” being the rich zionist who have their fingers in almost every pot in the country (hip hop, entertainment, blm, law, etc) and have no business influencing the shit in our country and exist in these positions solely because they have money and an agenda 
 Zionists on Twitter. 
 You literally just described , so... Do over? 
 he's a zionist bully and we are ashamed of him. 
 If you believe Iran is repressive, try living in places like USA as a minority or immigrant. Does such a repression Warrant another bloody revolution, in order to appease the agenda ? 
 Trump's a Zionist. That literally IS the NWO. 
 hes a zionist.... lets focus on queen shakira pls 
 So you’re basically okay with the Zionists going to Palestinian homes and just killing anyone they see in sight? hmmm that sounds like terrorism to me 
 Zionist BS never ends!! 
 not the zionist 
 And why should they move? It is the Palestinians land that the present Zionist Israeli government is trying to steal. BDS 
 Try to read up on the many Zionist politicians who turned out to be sexual predators (not mentioning the more obvious crimes against Palestinians, since you would clearly not care about those) 
 Zionists are the closest to Nazis! are peaceful warriors they are fucking angels comparing to IDF for example 
 There is absolutely no difference between Labour now and Labour when Corbyn was leader. Except the Zionist run media is happy. 
 US/UK'll force more Greece to a war If they can not get a result to make it real between China&amp;India! That's why they prepare own forces in Xanthi &amp; Alexandroupoli as an alternative! Coz Windsors knows the collapse'll swallow all the House like Zionist/Evangelics also know own end! 
 "Zionists say it is time for the Jews to return to Israel and take the land to fulfill the covenant. However Jeremiah’s warnings show this is false prophecy. It is not yet time, and when it is, we must buy the land, not conquer it." 
 How the hell my name ended up on Zionist's data base? Are they trying to sway me? No way, Mosche! I will continue protest Zionism! More ardent now! 
 And I state you did not. Next. 
 Glasgow fascist israeli Zionist shows off her t shirt. If you turn this pic upside down you will see this vile persons disgusting mesaage 
 And World Zionist Congress i I s around the corner. 
 by the security forces of being behind the operation. The dead settler in question was <number> year old Rina Shnerb. This came as a result over the Zionist seizure of the Ein Bubin Spring near the Zionist settlement of Dolev and the Palestinian village of Deir Ibzi. 
 Zionists are asking the wrong question in the wrong forum The Messiah in White House is sorting it out for ya ! Have some patience man 
 And, yes, "you are just anti-Zionist because you are angry at your parents and have displaced rage" is absolutely an attack on the masculinity of men like Seth Rogan. That's what that means. 
 zionist and communist deserve each other. 
 Who kills more - arabs or zionists? Who kills more syrians - Bashar or zionists? Who kills egyptians - Daesh or zionists? 
 Depends if he's a Zionist, anti-semite, racist Islamophobe - as those are the ones revered and celebrated in The Occupied Terrorist Territory 
 was raised in crime like Dotard. Ask who said Jared’s fathers’ case was the most disgusting case he ever prosecuted. Jared is also dumb like ’s adult children. We also didn’t vote for the bought Harvard degree guy, the Zionist anti-Semite. 
 Zionists own it. Of course they van the truth. 
 There is absolutely no way to support Black liberation while also being pro Zionist. <number> )there are Black Palestinians being oppressed by Israel. <number> ) Zionists are doing the same things to Palestinians that white people have done to Black people globally. 
 The Bribe Minister Morrison and Zionist Fryberg dont care about Refugee's Visa Workers as they have shown by the Dutton's operating a VISA Racket and Gestapo Border Patrol they only care about there Taxpayers Payed salary <money> a Day for PM and <money> a day for Fryberg ! 
 And you are still a Zionist. 
 I am living here and I can read all the Turkish source. We are resident here. You know my country better than me? What a stupid idea. Your zionist Media provoke People and stupid man believe this. Turkish People vote and elect. Can you show me in Europe who can win <number> year. 
 You Turks, Erdogan is fighting for the Israeli established terrorists in Syria, avoiding the boycott of Israel and supporting Israel financially and with different kinds of aids. Shaking hands with Netanyahu and still been a NATO member. How will you say that he is anti-zionists? 
 The Zionist Colonization of Palestine 
 Definitely a true statement. Also a true statement: not all Jewish people are Zionist. 
 me taking my tweets about ashton kutcher back after finding out he’s a zionist 
 Morrison was just a Trumped up front man in to be blamed for the dirty work and next do we find ourselves overlorded by zionist agents with foreign backing? 
 HOW MUCH THE DIARY COW, FILTHY BIN SALMAN, PAID U FOR UR ARMS DEAL? HOW MUCH DIRTY MONEY U MADE WITH THE BLOOD OF YEMENI PEOPLE?! A RACIST YANKEE + A ZIONIST FILTH WHAT KIND OF RARE WILD ANIMAL CAN PRODUCE?! Answer: a CIA torturer called Pompeo (in persian, pomp-e-goh)! SHAME! 
 There are no more Jews in those countries because of the Zionist movement that campaigned and even used fear to export them to Israel. And when they moved there, they were treated as a second class dark-skinned Jews. The European Ashkenazis were and are the superior rulers. 
 Ya because in your world criticism of zionist atrocities somehow equals anti-Semitism. Jews should be able to brutalize and take whatever they want and if someone talks about how its wrong you label them antisemites. Now I am going to wait to be labeled an antisemite. 
 ‘Zionist’ Biden in His Own Words: ‘My Name is Joe Biden, and Everybody Knows I Love Israel’ - via 
 Hezbollah have done more for M-East than any Body FEAR of blockbuster missile hitting Tel Aviv kept manners on preventing attacks on Their DEFEAT of IDF INVADERS was BIGGEST military upset in a DECADE with MEN vs Tanks full of shite Nappies Full Next Gaza Tunnels 
 Yeah ok zionists 
 Al Quds Day is an International event held annually to express solidarity with the Palestinian people against the ongoing oppression and occupation done by the Zionist entity called "Israel". Come let us join hands to lift the voice for Palestine 
 I unfollowed &amp; muted Milanka from both my accounts, I suspect she is a Zionists' gatekeeper, also I have no interest in those who believe God is Jesus! 
 Not a chance! Starmer is a self-confessed Zionist who “supports Zionism without question”! He’ll get on like a house on fire with the B-liarites &amp; his LFI chums! The left has no place in it: if it stays there will never be any unity in . 
 Lets not fall into Zionist trap. The best way is to continue resistance, US 'Maximum Pressure' has failed. The assassination was an act of desperation. It is American who are loosing here. 
 Now google Linda and see what see says about Zionist. “No Zionist woman can be a feminist” is a typical example. Then there is her support for Farrakhan. Are you blind or delusional! 
 “Now, I ask you. Does the rhetoric sound familiar at all?” For those that dig their head in “Anti-Zionist” but not (g-d forbid) AntiSemitic... here’s a dose of reality from 
 Zionism and Judaism are attached at the hip. In Canada over <percent> are Zionists and proud Jews 
 It would be my greatest sadness to see ZIONIST do to PALESTINAINS, much of what NAZIS did to JEWS. "Albert Einstein" 
 The nation of America and its proxy zionist leaders are mystery Babylon the great. And like the 3rd Reich they want global domination ans a new world order at all costs. The only live that matter are the elite and white folk. They do not even care about Latin americans. 
 Boy what a year..and it is only half over. ..then now the and every one was a planned attack on our world. 
 This can probably make your day. How these bakht scums are being muted by their zionist masters 
 Give me break. The Zionists have massive multi billion dollar aid, no budget deficit and a lifelong oath from Trump and Pence. No other country is given so much or treated that way. Bunch of sellouts. 
 I love seeing the Zionist brigade coming in to say absolutely nothing meaningful. Genuinly who cares. Egypt from the Greek Aegyptos. Again, who cares. 
 And Paisley was fundemental Zionist too 
 Your puppet zionist Media says lie and you believe. If Erdogan is a bad leader how can they win the election in <number> years. Erdogan make a developed country and this disturps Europe. Because they want powerless Turkey. This is simple. 
 "New York Zionist queers in petticoats." 
 THE ZIONISTS ARE REJOICING... THEY WILL OWN THE WH TOO IF BIDEN/HARRIS WIN &gt;&gt;&gt; "Harris has been aligned with Biden on Israel: She is seen as a strong supporter with ties to AIPAC, the country’s largest pro-Israel lobby." 
 Yes looks like both of the Main Uk political parties are in the hands of the Zionist Lobby. The fight is not yet over to save the Labour Party but it is going to be difficult. 
 PSA: Anti-Zionism means not wanting Israel to exist. Anti-Semitism on the other hand is hostility or prejudice against Jews. Completely different. That does not mean that anti-zionists are anti-semitic they do not stand for the existence of the state of Israel, not jews. 
 No zionist on the TL. 
 Warning: This is a hate-filled Zionist account. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : ..... is that the person who made the hitler joke 
 It is just propganda. How does any honest or decent person ever hope to hear the truth in a world whose "information," "media" and politics are all in the hands of a satanic minority of criminal liars and cheats, such as the mafia? 
 This plan will never happen. Zionist maid, Arab heads of state, Muslims will not leave you peaceful 
 Liberals, Nazis, Zionists, Fascists, Trotskyists, Salafi Jihadists ... all are serving Imperialism all are on the side of 
 The Zionist secret order really needs to move away from communicating via secret handshakes and hieroglyphs on the backs of postage stamps... I did not get the "write letters to Herald supporting Rob Berg's opinion piece" message until this morning! 
 Nonsense,the Zionist are having poor thinking. 
 Foul lol no it is not and many jews like my grandad will tell you that. Do the palestinians have no right to self determination? What right does Zionist Israel have to take their land kill women and kids as it pleases tourture rape and pillage 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : It seems like hitler looked pretty cool when he gave his speeches. I just wish there was some other reason to hate him, bu… 
 Zionists. Always knew they were. 
 Psst Zionist means "those dam Jews running the world"! Not racist at all ;) 
 Oh my God! I am willing to wager that anyone would do better for America than the Zionist bankers, corporations and drug dealers that enslave, bleed and oppress them on a daily basis! 
 I originally thought bad of him, then better but now I think the worst of him. He’s just a Zionist shill put where he is to thrown people of the scent of who is really destroying Europe. 
 The Republican Party has been destroyed by Zionist neocon Democrats who began changing party affiliation to the GOP in the late 70s, early 80s. They swept into power during the Reagan administration &amp; pushed out the small-government paleo-conservatives. 
 And you said you wasn't a Zionist earlier on nothing to worry about then 
 No we not Zionist shill! Wete taking it back. Were woke and determined. 
 LMAOAO IDK BUT THERE WAS SOMETHING ABT HER COMMENTING ON SOME ZIONIST PIC IL TRY FIND IT 
 My thoughts are with the comrades in Gaza as they grapple together with their first cases of corona, at the same time as enduring the latest round of brutal Zionist military bombardment. 
 You are a bot aren’t you? With this total unconscious drivel to boot. Cult? Denoting not a religion, which is a usual throw away remarks of religious zionist who verily believe there are no other religions other theirs. The usual supremacist drivel. 
 The siege ended after two months, when the PLO agreed to move their operations to Tunisia. Many Palestinian groups, PLO-aligned and otherwise, stayed behind to continue the fight alongside the heroic Lebanese resistance. On <date> , the Zionists were removed from Lebanon. 
 Cut off with that anti Semitic bullshit and do some basic research on the islamist terrorists first, then you will see the direct link between them and the zionist terrorists represented by the terrorist/apartheid state of Israel and their vassals like USA, UK, KSA etc. 
 "'s Roger Waters is a Rabid Anti-Semite!" - A Rabid Zionist 
 How Federal Money Finances Anti-Zionist Agenda at US Colleges | United with Israel 
 Wonder if people are aware that zionist helped the nazis in the holocaust 
 jewish people who are anti zionist are anti semitic??? yts r a different breed 
 This is not intended to be personal toward you; your post just opened the door for this observation. Zionists are clear about the bad things that happen to them and to Jews and persistent in demanding all acknowledge their pain, yet they are critically impaired in offering <number> / 
 Some people, anti-semites and zionists, try to conflate Jewish people with the apartheid regime in Israel to drag them into harm’s way. Jewish people bear no responsibility for the crimes of Netanyahu’s apartheid regime. It is American Christians who enable the apartheid regime. 
 You mean Zionists surely. 
 He has already declared himself to be a Zionist... 
 Yes, the Trump-Netanyahu position is not only horrible but illegal. The UK position, though nominally better, has no impetus to it. No motivation or investment in bringing it about. A standard liberal Zionist position. 
 As if there's any f***ing difference politically between the two of them. Not even a wafer thin Rizla paper. Both Zionists. Both Neoliberals. Both Racists. Both Warmongers. Both Right Wing. Each <number> @ going out of their way to enable the other. 
 is the reversal of . Most are not Zionists. 
 Do you mean a party that welcomes Zionists and allows a foreign state to dictate policy? Colin's his own man but he keeps strange bedfellows with Labour 
 Nobody fucks with the Jesus because of the Zionists 
 it's sad to see the ever-growing wickedness in society,rudeness,bad education and indoctrination into anti-Semitism repels me and especially the anti-Zionists with dubious theory which puts their people in danger by encouraging the anti-Semites,I wait always justice 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 Israel is a Zionist not a Jewish state 
 he’s a zionist there’s more proof he is then isn’t 
 If that's not enough it's the NEVER ENDING crying by blacks taking up all out time , money and energy. This bullshit is just admitted who slaughter whites in South Africa as we speak. Why does not it get reported? It not in the interest. 
 Yes, I am sorry that I tarred all Zionists with the same brush, I was going by many, many interviews I have seen, of Israeli Jews and their horrible views on Palestinian people. I recognize, now, that those must have been extremists. 
 Islamic scriptures also have a detailed explanation of this era and what these evil forces of Anti Christ wil do... everything is explained including their end in the final battle of Armageddon and destruction of Israel....! Yes, it's written and the Zionists know it too well. 
 Each boat that arrives brings the white British native closer to extinction, exactly how the Zionists planned it, because we have a Zionist owned Govt &amp; have had for a very long time. 
 I saw a number of your tweets expressing hatred for Zionists and Israel which would include myself while at the same time speaking of world peace and love which is a rather diabolical outlook to on the one hand speak of peace and on the other supporting genocide against the Jews. 
 "marxist bidenist" is a joke. You need to read some of her posts to understand where she sits. She is a true Zionist Jew that is extremely knowledgeable on the I/P conflict and the ME in general. Please spend some time to get to know her. 
 Great decision by to stick with peace plan to support struggling Palestinians against zionist nuclear apartheid regime of war mongers/war criminals. step of braking ranks is of selfish &amp; treacherous nature. 
 And also my ancestors were Afghans and came from there but it wasn't even called Afghanistan my roots our Afghani but not like u guys who are next level Harami. I am Pathan I am a Pakistani and firstly a Muslim but sadly u have sold yourselves to Zionist Nations. The Truth! 
 Our biggest fans this week: JoyceBruns, a_zionist, JunkoPatsye. Thank you! via 
 End the inhumane Zionist occupation of the Palestinian people TRUMP IS A ZIONIST PUPPET 
 It is to wipe them out of history- which is why I keep challenging the Zionist false history which offend me on intellectual grounds. 
 Yes all Zionist and there supporters Al Qaida wasn't terrorist group when it was created against USSR it use be it used called Mujahideen Islam and Muslims were used for someone self interest Mujahideen visited White House in 1980s President Reagan invited one of the top Mujahidn 
 This is consistent with Zionist apartheid ideology. They want Palestine but no Palestinians in it, Israeli occupiers have the temerity to claim to be the only “democracy” in the ME, worse part our MSM and brainwashed politicians parrot the Zionist propaganda. 
 The article is very excellent. It addresses the latest anti-zionist attack. But it does not dig deep enough for the roots. The root is "I have to beat up on ourselves until we are perfect, to make 'them' stop hating us." 
 "look we just need to get the racists to understand that judaism is not a race and they will chill out on us. now, back to what really matters - the nation of islam and anti-zionists" 
 roger waters my anti zionist king i love one man and his name is 
 It's the equivalent of telling people not to use the term 'Zionist' because it's used by anti-Semites to express hate for Jews. 
 The racists of the Board of Deputies of British Jews will only recommend supporters of the racist endeavour known as the ethnic cleansing of the Palestinians or The State of Israel or the . There is no such thing as a Zionist anti-racist 
 Zionists colley wobble 
 Banning {{{Zionists}}}. 
 Zionists are doing to Palestinians what English did to Indians and Nazis planned to do in Eastern Europe. There is no morality only raw power in human affairs. 
 Friday evening to Saturday evening is when I like Twitter the most as many zionists and Jewish extremists are not allowed to use Twitter or electricity because of their weekly shabbat holiday. 
 Wise act by to stick with peace plan to support struggling Palestinians vs zionist nuclear apartheid warmongers/war criminals regime. step of braking ranks is of selfish/treacherous one. 
 I don’t think all anti-Zionists are antisemites, but if you spend your day searching Zionism on Twitter and swarming people, you definitely are not too fond of the Jews. I’m happy to work with you to help you find a more constructive hobby. 
 settlers by the World Zionist Organization. The land in question had been ruled off-limits by Israel. The World Zionist Organization had been acting as an agent of the government in assigning land to Jewish settlers in the Israeli-occupied territories. 
 How Zionists occupied the Palestinians land. 
 Zionists and assadists are the same thing. Pali and syria experience the same thing. Palis are our brothers and if they understand the facts they’re more than welcome to discus our politics as we do w them. I suggest that a fake Syrian like yourself go get educated on Assad. 
 So is the Zionist puppet himself... probably the lesser of two evils though 
 Wait whats wrong with being a Zionist? 
 Lol Lockhead Martin?...You don’t have any reputation to defend if I tell you about what you do with the US but at least there is one thing I can tell you, Turkey doesn’t fight Palestinians while you label them terrorists and you sponsor Dahlani on behalf of the Zionists 
 Nazis invented the rocket, so when israel murders children with missiles they’re actually being anti Zionist 
 Michael F. Brown: "concern liberal Zionists..not Israel’s violations of Palestinian rights as such, but that these violations take place in..framework..they feel can be defended. In their eyes, ( <number> -SS) offered such a framework..Israel’s plans to annex..blow that out of the water" 
 NEVER BELIEVE A RUSSIAN CHANEL NEWS ABOUT SYRIA. THEY LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE... puppet like This is why the World turned the eyes down to the masacre of Muslims in Syria. This is dirtywar.... 
 Sure are, a completely different haplogroup. Zionist Khazars/Yiddish descendants from the Steppe/Anatolia are not Europeans. 
 WHY wouldn’t Russia be happy with (S)election Trump? After all, H-Clinton was a WELL KNOWN warmonger, who THREATENED Russia. Shouldn’t be expected that Russia be happy? Having said that,Trump is SO CORRUPT, NOT surprise <number> see him connected 2INTERNATIONAL zionists GANGS/kkks? 
 who’s doing this, Ivankas husband in on it ? Zionist/satanicles etc etc ?? 
 no the flag wasn’t photoshopped but apparently it was for a fan who was dying so people cant even try and use that to call h a zionist 
 @/misaamane: i have never once seen an pretty zionist 
 Bernie, Luis Brandeis, RBG, Obama, Albert Einstein, Daniel Moynihan - the list of smart people alive or dead that no one should “bully for being Zionist” - is massive. My politics is straight up SF lefty btw: Bernie <number> supporter, Khive, and Obama fan. You’re assuming things. 
 Same as with Euro supremacist Zionists. 
 yess and they don’t want Judea and Samaria so they are not real Zionists 
 ‘conflation’ - the latest antiZionist buzz phrase. <percent> + of Jews secular &amp; religious are Zionists so yes, you hate us &amp; we don’t care. 
 Well I am sure for many generations your family lived in peace with Muslims &amp; Christians till Zionists plans to uproot the indigenous people of Palestine and bring Jews from other parts of world to settle in their place. This started the wars. 
 Did you borrow that canard from Zionists? India is committing war crimes, as it has done for DECADES. Kashmiris have a right to armed resistance and India has an obligation to obey the Geneva Conventions. 
 RT IMO. Want proof 'corona virus' is fake? (Peekay is a Zionist shill, but this is not <number> of her gates.) WOW WHAT A F*CK UP! OOPS IS WHEN YOU DOUCHE WITH DRANO! SAME MISTAKE MADE IN 'EBOLA' HOAX: SEE CLIPBOARD MAN! AND OF COURSE, GLOVELESS 'SARIN' 'MEDICS'. 
 Inshallah "Iranian Regime Blames On Antisemetic "Zionist Conspiracy" 
 But of course they are not really children, but in fact evil terrorists cleverly disguised as children. Clearly recognizable by right-thinking Zionist patriot soldiers &lt;slash end sarcasm&gt; 
 You are right! "Jews" are not consists, Zionists are colonists, and yes I am Palestinian, not that it makes a difference here. 
 The only thing that can get Joe elected is the corrupt money because no informed thoughtful good moral person could vote for him and the corruption he has been a part of his whole career ! The self proclaimed Zionist Jow Biden ! 
 What? No, this is completely backwards. Most Jews are zionists, but since Jews are a minority, there are probably more evangelical Christian Zionists than Jewish zionists. 
 the pot. These are all stances supported by the War Monger Trump Regime and Yang is right there with both Trump and with the Neoliberal Dumb-ocrats. As I said, another Neoliberal Zionist Tool! 
 Zionist Fryberg you will be Booted out of Parliament if you are not an Australian Citizen s44 Judgement ! 
 Jews created Nazism for Israel. In <number> , SS Chief Reinhardt Heydrich wrote an article in separating Jews into <number> categories. The Jews he favored were the Zionists: “Our good wishes &amp; goodwill go with them. Stalin a Zionist. 
 Zionist sympathizers Twitter will come after my ass. I just want to eat sushi and read my comic books in peace 
 Why on earth this satanic ZIONIST ziopig regime of USA the most hated regime on planet earth? Did not USA knows and learn that by stealing other people wealth just to feed their people will not bring any good to them. Did not USA learn after seeing British stolen people wealth. 
 USS Liberty and <number> / <number> . THE IMPLICATIONS:Zionist Israel pretends to represent the Jewish people and their interests, however its inner core could not care less about Jews. Is it being primed - 
 Look at the scenario.. Trump.. supposedly Christian, helps MUSLIMS to be FRIENDS with ZIONISTS ! If you can explain.. DO IT ! Trump is ONLY a TOY, in israHELL war against Arabs ! Not Trump the Leader ! A Clown with a role to play ! Kushner LEADS ! EVIL ZIONIST RAT ! 
 free Palestine also if you’re a zionist pls unfollow me 
 I see so many others in the Jewish community angry all about Evangelical Christians who are appropriating Passover Seders and tallitot. sticking crosses inside of magen david and wearing them. and not making the connection that a LOT of those people are Christian Zionists 
 It is the banker -- the world's most dangerous parasites and OUR planet's most dedicated enemies. 
 Do the goyims get it yet. Did You ever attend a Zionist service, bat or bar mitzvah or other religious gathering of theirs ? They tell each other how perfect they are and everyone not a Zionist is their servants. They are hiding but their power is what you are watching. 
 = = Divide Conqueer = NOT CONFUSE = Anti_Judaism_Semitism Does NOT exists = ZIONISTS Create it Voluntarily Everytime They speak About and/or ACT Voluntarily V/O Jews_Muslims 
 I support Chris Williamson and Resist movement. I actually care about the planet and all it's inhabitants. I could never vote for anyone who did not think the same. Starmer is a nasty cnut paid by Zionists and does not care about anyone just like Johnson. 
 "How to Raise Your Kids to Be a Zionist" 
 He is backed by Christian Zionists. He is connected to the Rothschilds financially. Just two examples. 
 Tbh I did not know about pre-social imperialist Soviet support for Zionism until now. But there's a long tradition of "anti-Zionist" Marxism-Zionism with roots in cultural Zionism and, particularly with the Second Aliyah, Bolshevism. Chiefly represented by Poale Zion. 
 WAKE UP FELLOW AMERICANS... The Zionists Own and Control Biden, Kamala, Trump, Congress and the Senate &amp; even Own and Control Local, State, &amp; National Politicians. Damn if you vote Biden and Kamala, and Damn if you do not. Irrespective, to sleep well at night VOTE ALTERNATE... 
 Pollard being part of Murdochs' Toxic MSM what else would he write ? Maybe Zionist Fryberg helped him write Jewish Chronicle as well ! 
 Coming from a Zionist, he will take that as a compliment. God damn the Apartheid state of Israel, in which the lives of dogs are worth more than the lives of the native Palestinians. You know - the ones you stole the land from - and are not plotting to steal much more. 
 They are wearing the same filthy shoes. Controlled by hiding behind Very sad what's happened to Palestine, especially since the British gave them permission to fvck over the Palestinians, kick them off their farms and steal their lands. Not very nice at all. 
 My apartment mate is a zionist I really lost this semester 
 Exactly achi 
 “if you cancel her for being a zionist, you’re anti israel” YEA THATS THE WHOLE POINT 
 Zionists can suck it 
 I hope you got up and left and did not eat at a table you were not welcomed... this is the mistake most blk ppl make and this is how they get poisoned. BCUZ THEY SMILE AND TALK NICE TO YOU DOESN'T MEAN THEY ARE YOUR FRIEND. NEVER EVER TRUST A ZIONIST! HITLER KNEW THEM BEST! 
 have you heard of kirby Sommers on here? She is telling me not to vote for Biden because he has claimed he is a zionist?? 
 Zionism is as a product of 19th century European nationalism, which first developed in Europe, and spread from there. The idea that it's a product of the the Middle East is just beyond absurd. But I must say, this is a first. Zionist never cease to find ways to astonish me 
 SLEEPY JOE FORBIDDEN SHUD BE GIVEN CHANCE TO SWIM WITH SHARKS.... WAT EVER JHONY JOE IS MADE TO DO... DONT TAKE OFF HIS SENSITIVE FACE MASK.. AS WITH OUT FACE MASK SLEEPY JOE LOOK ALIKE <number> BC MAMMY FROM KINGDOM OF DAVIDE OF BABYLON OF ZIONISTS 
 Selective reading, comprehension problems, or just the typical dishonesty of an anti-Zionist? I bet on the last one. 
 How confirms its a Zionist propaganda tool....will you report on this to disprove it? 
 Thread by : On this Passover, anti-Zionists should be ashamed. They should be ashamed that while they pretend to be tolerant, tholerate a Jewish state. <number> / Anti-Zionists should be ashamed that while they pretend to be liberal, they support th… 
 This is INSANE omg. The entire Democratic Party is LITTERED with Zionists and they hold all the fucking power!!! 
 Zionist means you believe in the right of Jewish people to gov'n themselves aka Israel. You do not have to be Jewish to be a Zionist. Hope that helps. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : Hitler did not trust a lot of people either. 
 And note that, when this virus will end, you will witness all and majority countries will be weak and () and their allies will be much stronger than before. is just one more step towards achieving Great <number> / <number> 
 ‘Zionist’ Biden in His Own Words: ‘My Name is Joe Biden, and Everybody Knows I Love Israel’ 
 and your friend is a zionist. 
 Biden is a self admitted Zionist and Trump thinks he’s the “chosen one” so either way you shoot yourself in the foot. I can understand why some people will vote for Trump,being that they want to protect their Second amendment right,and to be honest I believe Biden is more hawkish 
 Oh you are an anti-zionist millenial jew? that's crazy, tell me more 
 Yeah. I would add Jesus flogging some Christian Zionists, political leaders of both parties and some others. Otherwise, close to a perfect political-religious-cultural commentary. 
 Its just spreading awareness on the difference between jews that r zionist and anti- zionist, how once jews lived in our lands and called that their land and where they felt safe. Anti-zionist jews were totally against the settlement of israel in palestine. 
 Józef Światło, born (Izaak Fleischfarb) into a Jewish family was a high-ranking official in the Ministry of Public Security of Poland (UB). Known for supervising the torture of political prisoners, he was nicknamed "the Butcher" by the detainees. 
 A Zionist Jew Laughs at New Zealand when The NZ Budget, it's Far Better economically for the People, not just Corporations and the LNP- like your Phoney Budget is, You stole NDIS Money to make a fake Surplus ! Go and live in Zionist Israel they deserve you Fryberg ! 
 He got to sign America's surrender to Iran though. 
 a zionist blu-ray player made from soft cheese 
 I’m non-religious, but a hardcore Jewish Zionist. Do I get to keep my title? 
 Well i have meet loads of Palestinians in Europe and they were all unanimous in their opinion of zionist israelis, the word rhymes with Jeremy Hunt..... 
 Unsuccessful over and over again Imagine all those armies losing against tiny Israel Obviously, our fault we win 
 Meretz had several factions. Most dominant were the liberals - again, not left; urban upper-middle class. In their philosophy, they are the closest thing you can find in Israel to diaspora "liberal Zionists". But they all but disappeared (two seats in new Knesset). 
 Zionist occupation gangs bomb different targets in Gaza 
 Macron's stance is not based on ignorance but on shared zionist ideology - fascism 
 Al Quds Day is an International event held annually to express solidarity with the Palestinian people against the ongoing oppression and occupation done by the Zionist entity called "Israel". Come let us join hands to raise voice for 
 You be careful you will get kicked out. It's a Zionist party after all. 
 The zionist owned and run media doesnt rely on facts, they rely on lies and false scaremongering 
 It sure does. Anti-Zionists tarnish and contort the meaning of Zionism in order to fit their agenda. Only Zionists can define what Zionism means. 
 psychopath BJP criminal Modi RSS HIndutva promoted at world stage By pro israel zionist lobby so now Zionism and Hindutva agenda anti Muslims and anti isalm do not worry world knew them only indians are sleeping their end like Hiter soon 
 What's wrong with Zionists? 
 The Zionist Israelis are ecological criminals! 
 Ask The Zionist Bankers 
 my <number> y/o zionist cousin who is the vp of a multimillion dollar investment banking firm and lives alone in tribeca won’t wear a mask because he “doesn’t really care anymore” aaaaaaaaa AAAAAAAAAAAA aaaaaaAaaaaAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaAAAAA AAAAAAAAA aaaaaaa AAAAAaaaaaaaaa 
 <percent> of all National newspapers in the UK are owned by Zionist Rupert Murdoch elected every UK PM since Margaret Thatcher Tony Blair begged him Godfather to his children Guardian newspaper Zionists owned BBC,Sky Channel <number> ,ITV Peston Zionists run 
 How long would these pediphile criminals , Zionist murderers, and Jewish supermists keep on using the “Semitic” sword against their nemesis?! 
 To - he played a Zionist in a movie. That does not make him a Zionist. Also you all apparently do not even understand what the fuck the term means. Sit the fuck down and shit up. 
 She's gotta be iron lion Zionist 
 you think nick is getting checks from Zionists?? 
 Bari Weiss,a Zionist Jew from NYT admitted the synagogue shooter was right about Jews behind Muslim immigration. French Rabbi Rav Touitou said "Islam is the broom of(children of) Israel".rabbi Shilo Machon of UK also admitted Jews are behind mass immigration. 
 Looks like you are fake Zionist then... 
 Jared Kushner and his family are a bunch of tax-evading ultra Zionist crooks! Read a book, Candace! 
 Zionist Fryberg LNP doubles the deficit in <number> years- Now nearly a Trillion Dollars, and that was before Covid- <number> Pandemeic ! 
 All zionists together against the Best American Senator Bernie Sanders. 
 This is what zionists are chosen for. 
 As a hardcore Zionist myself, there were no calls for a Palestinian State until the 1960s. The Palestinian movement is actually an antiZionist movement. 
 Stop Same Zionist Jews are controlling the USA. 
 To be fair. Zionist Jews and their lobbies have pilfered and infiltrated the US political system. 
 i didnt know this was happening until i went on twitter. its not on our news and it isnt taught to us at all. obviously if someone is a zionist even after being educated thats fucked. but some ppl just dont know 
 Andrew Yang literally threw a staffer under the bus to go out of his way to clarify that he did NOT support Palestinian people having the right to return to their homeland. There was no reason for Yang to do this besides him wanting to pander to Zionists. 
 In the world of the centrist and the Netanyahu Zionist , they have a divine right to decide which Jews are anti Semitic ... 
 is one of the most aggressive supporters of &amp; he's so right-wing that a has given him <money> to blunt his primary challenger ; that should tell you everything 
 Zionist regime, UAE, Bahrain sign an agreement normalizing relations in the US 
 Zionist swine. Take the next flight to your beloved Israel! 
 it's pretty funny that zionists love holding up israel as some kind of enlightened nation when they have as many dumb religious laws as the surrounding muslim countries 
 Anti-Zionists are anti-Semites. Jews are the indigenous people of Judea. 
 I don’t see the problem being Zionist... 
 And What Do You Think Of Pres. Trump Appt. Head of <number> Spy Agencies: Gay Assange Arrestor Staunch Zionist Shillman Award Winner RICHARD GRENELL 
 China is better than shitass . We do not need some Zionist shit prevailing in the region. Anyway gonna be banged if they initiate a fight. Their own army general is against it. But trump has got election priorities. 
 YOU get out of and go BACK to or wherever garbage can you came from! This is OUR homeland and you came seeking refuge and then STABBED us in the back! Get lost ! 
 If by Zionist we believe that Israel has a right to exist, then yes. <percent> . 
 This picture show two Zionists, can you kindly point out who are you referring to as Palestinian? 
 As expected - starmer paying back his zionist right wing facist masters 
 People who respect Iranian heritage ,historically have been call in it persian gulf for over a <number> years, now the new wave Zionist &amp; globalist call it arabian, just to disrespect &amp; trying to carve out Iran to little pieces to contrl/ plunder easier. 
 Apocalyptic Christian Zionists have always been opposed to any territorial concessions whatsoever, sometimes linking natural disasters in the US to politicians not being sufficiently hard-line. Trump's talk of "two states", even with heavy qualifications, ought to be anathema. 
 Still waiting for what “IL Pals have on their side.” 
 and son need to be thrown to the wolves. 
 Well thanks for that, but you just said basically all Jews are Zionists - not really different belief systems - maybe you should try talking to those Jews attacked and targeted by fellow Jews who class them as fake jews for not being zionists! 
 Nobody demanded any platforms we have our own platform. We don’t expect our open enemy to provide us with any media platform. We know the American media is controlled by Zionists. Your attempt to “educate” me though. 
 Ed deserves to be listened to: he junked Blue Labour’s promise of reaching the working class; destroyed his electable brother; took McCluskey’s shllling; denied he was a Zionist; introduced the <money> membership; left the Syrian people to a terrible fate and campaigned for me 
 You are a racist and tyrannical woman, you support an unjust Zionist entity and commit the most heinous crimes and violations against the oppressed Palestinian people. To No End, there's nothing called 'israel' PALESTINE will be free 
 .Was the Ottoman Empire Zionist? Because, there never was any entity in <number> years. Because, palestine never existed... 
 We’re not cousins go back to poland please no one wants zionists here, Arabs, kurds, Druze, Christian, Muslims, jews, turks, Persians you name it we all hate you. Bye 
 The picture DOES NOT LIE.! The LIE! -- and you are a because you are attacking me and the TRUTH I am posting. 
 When Herzl published The Jewish State in <number> , Jews expected and accepted racism. Zionists planned to protect Jews by training them to become aggressors who displace populations in either Argentina or Palestine. Much later, Britain began funding mass immigration into Palestine. 
 Peace and humanity is opposite to israhellie zionists. 
 A proud retarded ZIONIST. 
 Winston Churchill and Neil Armstrong both unrecognisable in a crowd in the great cover up. Churchill rescued the world from the Nazis. Armstrong first walked on the moon. The officially and Zionist appointed white male role models. A lesson that all white people should follow. 
 In other words, foreign policy in Syria &amp; Iraq along side Zionist &amp; ISIS was a failure &amp; was the savior? RIGHT? 
 is capable of anything! The USA is capable of anything, with Zionists, neocons, and demons at the helm. The State of Israel is absolutely capable of anything, including the attack on the USS Liberty, GENOCIDE,... 
 's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more. 
 That's ok. I understand that most people on Twitter have no interest in actually learning new information. 
 When you point out this evil to a Zionists he will say "well, what about Egypt" 
 Who was Sergei Magnitsky and how did UK sanctions come about? meanwhile the UK is selling arms to Saudi who has historical human rights violations and will not stand for Palestinians freedom from a Zionist state. 
 IT'S IN MOSUL IRAQ AND NOTHING TO DO WITH ZIONIST. FFS 
 I am sure that Bernie would be more than happy with a post-Zionist binational Israel-Palestine. That is not Zionism. 
 your is killing innocent people. Is this the plan? suddenly rolls out in and the poor people are dying. is what they call or . 
 Ask the Jews of Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Yemen, Ethiopia, Egypt ect if they were expelled or if it was the Zionist movement that promised them the dream of King David in Israel. See what they tell you if they are still alive. Show me the decree that expelled the Jews in <number> ? 
 THEIR CHAIRMAN IS ALSO A ZIONIST, they’ve been awarded by Israel for their economic allyship and have a history of settling in the occupied West Bank w/ racism against Arab workers in those locations on record !!!!!!! smh still waiting for y’all to realize they’re cancelled. 
 The devilish Zionist poops rot in hell 
 Wow. The clout. You really believe Zionists are doing Palestinians any favors? Y’all constantly harass brown and indigenous people when they try to express why your decolonization views are trash or troubling. Have fun Karma 
 I am not aware of such a "book". I would have thought the hundreds of recorded examples of Zionist references to six million would be enough. Though there are more recent books which discuss its origins and provide examples... 
 where’s the glory in that !! anyway he must stop supporting the occupation of zionist israel to Palestine 
 It's a Zionist objective, Lara, and Zionists can be any religion or nationality. Herzl explains in The Jewish State ( <number> ) that Zionists planned to protect Jews from racism by training them to become superior racists who displace populations in either Argentina or Palestine. 
 Ottoman Zionist Russia asset Sasha Johnson emulates Donald Trump, he is a Donald Trump clone - charitable enough? 
 A lot of this Zionist movement is quite thoroughly secular! 
 Trump is a POS. He recently outed himself as a complete Zionist tool when he laughed at the idea of stealing Syria's oil. You know of his other gifts to his billionaire donors. 
 I cry for the dead palestinians and those living in refugee camps their entire lives. For you zionist, I have hard knuckles 
 Hezbollah and hamas are defending their border from those zionist. You can not call those groups terrorist ! And the Saudi who are allies with you, are the one behind Al Qaida and ISIS... Who are the worst ? Bcs Hamas or Hezbollah never killed in america ! 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 Oh pull the other one Irene. You seen the ? You seen how was lynched out of the party by a white racist mob ? How was abused by Zionists in the party and expelled due to asking questions in a supposed ‘safe space’ ? 
 ayo don’t group me in with antisemites buddy. zionists can die 
 They have got it by the balls and is shaking it till every last Corbynite, Socialist or Palestinian rights supporter is gone or silenced into submissive Zionist cuckolding. To think Long Bailey declared herself a Zionist too not so long ago, I bet she does not now. 
 Palestinian prisoner child Tariq Abu Khudair in the Israeli court. Any comment the 'proud Zionist'? 
 if you’re still calling harry a zionist pls unfollow me 
 Hey, as Jessica says, not all Jewish people are Zionist, please do not generalise. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : You’re just lying Nowhere in this clip does Greg say the word ‘ironically’ He says that the protesters were comparing… 
 What took you so long? 
 SUCH A GRANDSTANDER WITH PLATITUDES. ALL PEOPLES HAVE TAKEN A HIT FROM BAD COPS. MORE CLASSES FOR COPS AT UNIVERSITIES, NOT BY PRIVATE ORGANIZATIONS SOME WHO ARE FLAMER ZIONISTS WHO THINK THEY HAVE A RIGHT TO "TRAIN" COPS AT POLICE STATIONS. VERSUS AND 
 A malignant anti Christian trigger tweet like this should be reported &amp; deleted In fact the user account should be closed Now, have the gonads to remove "Jewish" (LIkudist Zionist) hate speech as quickly as they do (alleged) antisemitic tweets? 
 Gay Pan-African Puertorican Zionist Nazi Weed Pirates of Hazard 
 Is The Partition of Iraq The First Step In A Zionist Project For Partitioning The Entire Middle East?: 
 Rashida, as a supporter of Joe Biden, does it bother you at all that he is a proud Zionist. 
 Liked by trolls, necons, zionists, Al Qaeda, ISIS, alt-right, etc. But not liked by Iranians, who do not have Twitter. Thankfully they are all who really matters, Trump's war propaganda will not be heard in Iran. 
 Trump and Zionists have managed hardliners to take control of Iranian policies. 
 I’m...satisfied, currently with being an American Pride is a complicated nationalist emotion for me these days. There’s nothing complicated about how proud I am of the modern Zionist movement and the productive member of global society Israel has become. 
 I gotta agree about Patty. But thats just an opinion we are entitled to have. He called Conan a Zionist, not Gal....and is that an insult or calling it as it is? A heaven forbid he is short with trolls! 
 Anyone who approves of what Israel does in Palestine or Congress for that matter, is morally deficient and is the one doing damage to the reputation of Jews. Zionist supremacism is evil, period. Every moral soul should be repulsed by it. 
 Abbas helped the criminal Nazi Zionist occupation until his official mission to the Zionist occupation had already ended. He was the one who helped the Zionists to what they reached. 
 Just waiting for counter-offers ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Unless y’all don’t negotiate with the zIoNiSt EnTiTy 
 I would’ve not had any moral dilemma had Israel assassinated him, however, what would the anti-Zionist reaction be if they did? 
 Jews denounced the Christ, Christians whorishp the Christ, does not get any more specific than that for me. Unless one is Zionist, then they can be either Jewish or Christian, they both murder Palestinians. 
 In that case the Zionists are sure to bring it about 
 Including extremist Zionist Jews in Israel who ethnically cleansed and evicted the indigenous population in the name of their Jewish religion 
 That’s what Zionist do, shooting women and children on daily basis, the world is on to you and your type. 
 Another reason to get rid of Trump-Our Troops are not supposed 2B SLAVES ,some countrys pay but Trump gov gets it, our military do not suffer for these sick liars &amp; warmongers in our WH &amp; SC gov et al-like graham,haley &amp; all their fascist zionist NWO creeps 
 It’s funny bc actual autistic people who spend their entire lives being put down and stereotyped bc of their disability care a lot but ok thanks a lot neurotypical! Enjoy ur entitlement xoxoxoxoxo 
 How can anyone who has read Alison Weir, Shlomo Sand, accurate portrayals of geopolitical history, even just the Babylonian Talmud/Talmudic "Noahide" laws be "unapologetically Zionist?" I do not understand how any educated person could be about this. 
 Interesting that no zionist is asking people to boycott amazon 
 Americans killed much around the world : bombing, destroying, invading, coup, ..... When will you stop imposing your plans to other free nations ? Supporting extremists wahaby kongdom, Zionist terrorist Israel .... 
 One does not just accidentally say "I am a Zionist" in <number> . Especially (back me up) not a UK Labour Party member... 
 What? May not be your intent but as you can see from the thread has impact. reads like you’re saying zionists feelings on a word matter more than the racist violence experienced by Palestinians. Why would ppl’s sensitivities to a word matter more than the people impacted by it? 
 We can not be indifferent to the genocide of Palestinians who are opressed by Zionists who call themselves humans! 
 You love Zionist subversion, huh? 
 That's the thing with you Zionists. Give an inch and you want to take the whole damned country. I give up. 
 He called Patty Jenkins a bitch, he called Gal Gadot a Zionist (which is what her haters usually do), and his go-to response to dissenting opinions is “Shut up, bitch, I have a PhD.” 
 Also endorsing every right-wing Zionist organization pro-annexation who believe human tights are for everyone— except Palestinians... vote tomorrow. Purge the party of faux progressives 
 I see the antis exponentially more than the other. You get the few zealot Zionist...but that’s a really small number 
 “Zionists are ugly” says the one with a K pop star as their pfp 
 Zionists continue to have a problem with POCs. 
 It’s a tricky because different Zionists will have different definitions of the terms. Some say the existence of a Jewish state, some say a state that exists to defend Jews, some say a state in the land that is now called Israel. There’s a reason for the saying <number> Jews <number> opinions 
 <number> ) they have not counted as a serious threat to their people yet. So we highly suggest there's someone behind this, The US and other Zionist organizations are also accused of aiding and abetting this biological weapon to be spreading around the world. 
 no it totally does and there's this weird alliance btwn zionists and conservative evangelical christians but again u do have to realize that the israeli gov and the israeli ppl are not one and the same 
 Trump is not doing this because he loves christians. This is a set up to get christians hated and have the public motivated for acts of violence against Christians - and its working. Catholic hierarchy and Zionists do not love us! 
 Dr is the legitimate president of &amp; great leader of fighting Takfiri terrorism in Arab World. Rumor abt Iran-Russia consensus for his resignation is a big lie &amp; American-Zionist media game. strongly supports sovereignty, national unity&amp;territorial integrity. 
 The only countries that the Donald was willing to "help" in its fight against Covid- <number> were North Korea and Iran. Why? Because he knew NK and Iran would refuse the offer. North Koreans and Iranians are not idiots. Timeo American Zionists et dona ferentes ! 
 May be some people claim things against Iranians on the net but who knows who they are? U need to consider the facts based on reality not virtual. More than <number> million attended Funeral But some paid Zionists/SArb/Mk thugs in the net say things about him. which one U trust 
 lmfao she's still a zionist lol 
 If you want to see censorship, look at what governments and media do to pro-Palestinian movements like BDS. No section of the global capitalist class has as much power over the media as do the Zionists. 
 RIGHT. Well, a virus exists, is gene-manipulated, but the vaccine generate ultimate slavery. All entangled to the Beast (a quantum supercomputer). Transhumanist zionist plot 
 Again, it's Zionist. 
 The Zionists have now occupied America. 
 He is a Zionist, what do you expect from him? 
 The issue at hand is not ancestral links to a homeland. It's acknowledging the existence of Anti-Zionist Jews. It's awful to see violence against people for expressing their beliefs, but its important to recognize that those beliefs vary, even among those with the same faith. 
 Liberal zionists are pissed about the Trump/Netanyahu plan, because they wanted to keep Palestinians under permanent “temporary” occupation, and Israel’s annexation in the West Bank screws that all up. 
 I will not act like im some gold star antiZionist--in hindsight all of the synagogues and schools I participated in were Zionist. I know that some implicit bias had to have been absorbed, and subsequently unlearned. But I can not remember ever *consciously* giving a fuck about Israel 
 I tried to ignore her shitty tweet all day because I can’t possibly waste my time replying to the khaleeji zionist tweets I see everyday but god, maryam here beats the rest of them collectively in the ass kissing department 
 Lies shia was always muslim enemy throughout history.Thanks to them that iraq is an disaster today. Throughout history shias have been back stabbing muslims in the back and helping crusaders and zionist against muslims. 
 Reading ‘s “it’s the ____ for me” Zionist edition posts had me THROUGH THE ROOF 
 We, the American people, cannot breathe from the hands of racist demons O free people, come out with weapons and get your cities back from the devils and the devil's devil in the name of God and Jesus Christ.And destroy Trump, the devil, and the black Zionist pal 
 You are not dreaming, you were simply wrong. Look at Africa and you will realize that they were always their own opressors and they dont do any different on America. 
 Support the campaign to EXPEL Apartheid Israel From The Olympis we have <number> months to stop Apartheid taking part in the Olympics - Russians only took drugs, the extreme racism of Zionists Apartheid is taking lives daily - for being of the wrong race 
 Ben is a zionist Israeli puppet. He is a citizen of Israel and will fight against USA for Israel 
 Only a Zionist can advocate for carpet bombing Palestinians and then call the person that calls them out on it a racist in the same breathe. 
 I can overlook the latter two, because that's like <percent> of the country at least, but being a Zionist... yikes. 
 Dude, go fuck yourself you fucking bigot. Why is it that whenever you scratch a Zionist a fascist bleeds? 
 And to see some middle eastern supporting the zionist Tweet my heart is bleeding , NORTH AFRICANS PLEASE NEVER GIVE UP ON PALESTINE 
 Everything about the Zionist is deception and misdirection..talk to the hand..if we had a real CIA they would have exposed this shame operation a long time ago..but instead, they are in bed with them..fornicating and drinking with the harlot of Babylon..pompeo is now bolton..crazy 
 this tweet turned me into a devout Zionist 
 Israhell has nothing to do with the Semitics. Israhell was created by East European Zionists using the name of the Semitics whom they had put through the holocaust! 
 you are a zionist and support bari weiss.... makes sense 
 Trump is not rational though. I can fully believe that one part of him genuinely does not want war, and the other part of him is being manipulated in being a super-zionist... 
 i still can’t believe this nigga called me a nazi for not liking zionists and posting about Palestine on my ig story and then left me on seen when I argued back 
 This list of "Losers", CIA agents, prosecutors, neoliberal's, Zionists, okay, I am being redundant, but shit this loser list is best they have? Shows CIA dir. Casey did his job; "We will Know Our Disinformation Program is Complete When Everything American Public Believes is False" 
 it was a PRO ZIONIST MOVIE. i’m not fake outraged. imagine if he was in a nazi movie with the director being a nazi sayinf he’s happy working for a nazi and playing hitler saying he was proud of playing him u wouldn’t have this same energy 
 Gee! the whole time I thought he lost b/c he did not expel the jewhaters, err I mean anti-Zionists from LABOUR- they are the most prominent voices for Corbyn. Even some lefties could not vote for that type of HATE. 
 That I wanted to take the oath but couldn’t because of the Federal Reserve, Larry Fink and occultist Zionists. 
 So glad BLM have shown clear support for the Palestinian cause. The vicious replies from zionists show they are worried. "Standing with Palestinians" is all well and good but what can we actually DO, to force change? To force real consequences/sanctions &amp; make Israel change? 
 The children of Yemen, Palestine, Lebanon and Bahrain are also child Look at them This is a disaster caused by the US government and the illegitimate Israeli-Zionist regime 
 Isn’t there more anti Zionist that not Jewish as well? 
 Nazi-Zionist Connection &amp; – The Final Solution to Adolph Hilter 
 Americans dont understand that race and religion are two different things. Look at the Zionist anti-israel = anti-semite lunatics. Expecting nuanced comprehension that being critical of islamic states dogmatic policy != anti islam != racism is too much. People are too dumb. 
 Do NOT be stupid Zionist YUSUF is the name of Mary's husband Legally the FATHER of Jesus Christ He was from Nazareth 
 true. he’s not played by a homophobic zionist who thinks prayer will get rid of racism 
 Exactly. They are starting to implode. The majority of the world is warning them against taking any land while the Religious Zionists are warning them against leaving any. They are laid bare for the world to see, fighting like vultures. 
 <percent> Percent! They should stick to their hateful principles! Do not cave in to the Zionists now! 
 This is what we get. Zionists who have Not a Leg to stand on to defend the Racist Terrorist Ethnic Cleansing by zionist Israel come back to attack the person. I repeat. <number> , <number> , <number> &amp; <number> . Israeli Abuses of Palestinian Kids. That No <number> is Israeli Infanticide of Palestinians! 
 And we all know Ice Cube’s relationship with Jews has been love hate cough cough Jerry can tell you that personally but he always knew what these Zionist warlocks were on. 
 Then why did you mention <number> / <number> and Zionists in the same breath 
 + if you support zionists you are fake 
 NSA which actually works with DARPA Q psyop. They support Trump. Trump is completely corrupt &amp; directly connected w/basically every globalized criminal organization there is including Black Nobility, Sauds, Zionists Israel, Jesuits,Cosa Nostra, Order of Malta, Clintons, Epstein 
 They are sending that crap because you said you are Jewish. Do not think you are going to appease anti-semites by being an anti-zionist. 
 Only if u tweet abt but I’d understand if u a Zionist like that rat 
 DONALD: BACK DOWN off of Portland... Pres. Kennedy WARNED of the Nazi/Zionist Secret Societies' QUESTS - i.e. Portland 
 Another of the Nazi Policies adopted by Zionist Israel.This was employed by Dr.Josef Mengele on his experiments! ZioNazi War Criminals! 
 from the Zionist apartheid machine. 
 The good news Charging the lives of Zionists The battery is weak 
 I think it's because I first learnt about Zionism from Christian Zionists, for whom it means something different. 
 Someone pray for my friend guy. He’s not dying, he just a Zionist 
 Gaza is still bombed by the Zionist army 
 Repost <number> posts, copy save if investigating,its a confusing mess but its true,its worse,its whats going on in SC ,scroll back to see videos of mazi fascist zionist weaponized nuclear and directed energy SC use in me my car home,stole my FB of evidence like my court files 
 Actually, there are some very clever people that are going to manipulate "end-time" narrative to deceive people. The Christian-Zionists have already fallen for it. We are facing technocracy and fascism. But that does not mean that a real "end time" (new era) is coming. 
 Welp, guess Im a Zionist. *sip* 
 Good lecture about ethnic cleansing of Palestinians by Zionists. 
 anyways maybe if he just won an oscar and didn’t disappear for <number> years he wouldn’t be working with a zionist 
 Interesting Murdoch....you have the flag of Israel up....the Zionist terrorists who blew British soldiers up....hung them dead from trees with boobytraps and assonated British ministers don’t get your same wrath....isn’t your prejudice towards certain terrorists telling. 
 ⁦⁩The terrorist soldiers of the regime easily shoot an innocent and defenseless woman and no organization or individual in the world has a voice; 
 I know the Judges presiding over the Julian Assange fake Jew NAZI ZIONIST trial are all Freemason fucketeers and if the story comes out that each and every one of them are they should all be prosecuted no where in human history have such an organize crime org had pulled off one o 
 Zionism solely means you support the idea of self-determination. Which is universally given to every other group unconditionally besides the Jews. You can be a Zionist and actively fight for a TWO STATE solution. 
 Does that include the <number> million Israeli Arabs who never flee, never riot but do volunteer in our 10s of 1000s for Israel's defence forces? Or is it only Jewish Zionists you hate Miriam (Jewish name!!) 
 He is a Zionist that raised millions for *srael so he is cancelled. 
 Jews vs Zionists Do you know the difference? 
 He is not a Zionist 
 Unfortunately the Zionist Israel beleives in the Myths of the Past While the Jews make the living suffer ! 
 Norman is a Zionist Christian like many politicians in the USA 
 * Another great dose of truth from Max ties together: ,,,,{ 's} &amp; its derivative --which created &amp; was 1st -- ===MODERNA!! 
 Zionist Nazi Israel still practising the Nazi Dctrine of Genocide on Palestinians ! You Zionist Jews learnt nothing from the Holocaust ! Folowing Zionism and the Toarh has led you to becoem despised world wide! Clinging to Babylonish teachings like the Torah ! 
 Most pastors who go to Israel are Christian Zionists,which,via the Schofield reference bible,have turned Christians into worshiping Israel by highlighting OT passages &amp;ignoring the many NT passages that call Jews(the religion: <number> - <percent> of Jews are secular) enemies of christ 
 The group that call themselves "True Torah Jews" are Ashkenazi. Most non-Ashkenazi Jews live in Israel. Virtually all anti-Zionist Jews are Ashkenazi. If Israelis are not really Jews, and Ashkenazi Jews are not really Jews, there basically are not any Jews at all, anywhere. 
 Sorry, but you do not know what you are asking. Palestinians who wanted to become Israeli citizens became Israeli citizens, <number> .8M. Palestinians never lived in the Golan! The West Bank and Gaza are Israeli territories since <number> . Israel has allowed all Arabs in that area to remain. 
 Swiss Nazi Immigration Service And the judges of Switzerland and the Mossad And the communities of Swiss Jews and the Israeli embassy in Bern They practice Nazi and Zionist chauvinism against Palestine These bastards They prevent my Algerian wife from entering Switzerland... 
 Tards on the fringe right been saying for years that they are "not antisemitic but anti zionist" when the truth of the matter is that Israelis are based af and the insufferable ones are mainly cosmopolitan diaspora 
 From where did the word "Jew" come from? Persians is to Persia as Jews are to Judea. A Zionist is someone that wants to return to his homeland just as God has said in the Torah. 
 freddie wouldnt support a zionist 
 Zukerberg, the champion of "freedom of speech"! But as soon as you criticize Israel, into FB jail you go. Most Jews, of course insist he's NOT a "Zionist". Blood is thicker than common sense and human rights. 
 This is the result of being friends with the Zionists Laknatullah, he will shoot you in the back.. 
 how many times have you called out Zionist organ harvesting before? 
 Pointing out his lib cred. I was quoting him as well the point was to give an idea of the liberal Zionist view. 
 You do not have to believe in God to be a Zionist. 
 Reporter: "Why were Israelis shooting people dead at the Gaza crossing?" Zionist Regime Spokesperson: "Well we can not put all these people in jail, we are talking about hundreds of people" Zionist admitted to kill Palestinian in Gaza 
 I do not like these lists. Making Jew haters work easier 
 l’internationale - based non zionist judaism - based those nazis are complementing you on how based you actually are, they just don’t realise it 
 So Happy happy celebrating satanic apartheid land stealing&amp; kill any protesters inequality zionist system! So happy, happy, happy! Happy! ! 
 <number> . hes a zionist bootlicker <number> . christians part of the mcu now so u could say him 
 The way they reach to turn us into Zionists 
 Legos and neophytes are not learned, so they waste time. Science is not dogmatic like the Bible, because research is revealing new facets of a phenomenon. For this reason the parameters are modified. Biblical-Zionists are far from understanding this facet of knowledge. 
 How to be a tyrant.... This is creepy... I will post part <number> of the video in next tweet..... This fellow wrote the strategy being deployed today by the Zionists... Exploiting fear... 
 ok....she’s a zionist 
 I do not care what is your religion. You are an ethnosupremacist zionist and Hitler has <number> Jews who fought for him. 
 <number> ) is in the process of introducing Regulations which will restrict such material on grounds that it's from 'unreliable journalists' and is harming public perception! Enjoy freedom of expression while it lasts, till Johnson's Zionist Govt. snuffs it out! 
 Just love this guy. Almost certainly would support the beseiged Palestinians ahead of the extreme racism of Zionist Apartheid 
 Expect a lot more of this from hardline Zionist pundits and Zionist donor-dependent orgs in the coming weeks and months. No amount of apology or appeasement will end the attacks for recognizing Palestinian humanity and rights. 
 dude zionist jews control anything and everything media. universal, disney, fb, twitter, nyt, etc. so yes they control both 
 Shame on Zionists government and silent world 
 I DO NOT SAY ZOG. I say "Wall Street Zionist Jews". I do that because it gives people an actual throne that they can see as the powerful entity of international economic Zionism that is actively working against they and their Nations interests. 
 themselves as "Zionists" has driven many Jews who would otherwise be allies on the left towards the political right and centre. But even where this is not the problem, the idea that the West can divest itself from a thousand years of institutional antisemitism with... 
 The atheist Zionist knew that the god that doesn’t exist deeded them the land <number> years ago. 
 This is barely concealed antisemitism. "Starmer sacks her to protect the reputation of the Israeli occupation..." Dear me, can you hear yourself? You are one step away from Zionist Owned Governments chat. 
 It helps that Israel gets <money> billion dollars a year from the US while Palestine gets squat. Why are you such an ardent Zionist? 
 Trump's "Peace Plan" is 𝐏𝐚𝐥𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐢𝐚𝐧 terms of Surrender! 
 Without zionist systematic killing of Palestinians pop could rise up to 12M inha. No to mention the Israeli methods of demography change &amp; keep into control. 
 its the way harry is a zionist 
 Yes Jews do and have done many great things. The Zionists on the other hand have only brought misery and bloodshed to the world 
 I did. 
 Palestinians will not sleep nor rest until the last Zionist occupier leave Palestine!!! 
 Dershowitz; u have no right to avoid going to trial to face your accusers, young children that you assaulted in the Epstein criminality. You want to talk about no right, u should b in prison, yet bc you are part of this evil plot, Zionists have covered u 
 Would not the phrase 'minus cops and zionists' equate to “No pro-Palestinian people” or some such, not “No Palestinians”? Anyway, I hope you are using your platform to take a stand against annexation of the West Bank. 
 Of course we do dear Odi. Do not you remember this Irish Zionist agreeing with you before ;) Nothing has changed B"H 
 Trump is a zionist through and through never will he condemn any other zionists...period 
 Name one such authority. Zionists don’t count. One. 
 ZIONIST BROTHERS OF ISREAL HAS POWER OVER THE WHOLE MODA FOKING WORLD FINNIEST THING IS THERE ARE <number> BILLION PEOPLE AS GENTILES APART FROM <number> MILLION <number> <number> <number> ZIONISTS ONLY HUMANS WHO WANT TO EMERGE NEXT SUPER POWER AFTER THEY SET UP WW3 ISREAL 
 Carter brokered a deal between Israel and Egypt. It’s working. Bill Clinton brokered a deal between Israel and Palestinians and Israeli Zionists killed Yitzhak Rabin. Obama brokered a nuclear deal JCPOA with Iran. Trump withdrew from that deal. Great!! 
 Or are the People called Zionists wanting the trouble makers to leave Israel alone and go trouble the west. ?? Anything is possible. 
 Aboud, I would love to know where you are from. You sound exactly like these mentally deranged Christian Zionists 
 Lol.......Iran is scared shitless of Israel. Why do you think that all they do is constantly utter comical threats to "wipe the Zionist entity off the map" and only use their proxies to attack them. They are too cowardly to attack themselves because they know the consequences. 
 Here is Eyal Lying again. No One should doubt the Holocaust. It Obviously happened. But typical zionists. Attempted Smears of Holocaust Denial to divert attention from a question they Refuse to answer. 
 I find it funny how zionists have no real argument to back up Isr*el’s actions so when they get called out for their wrongdoings they immediately throw out the word “antisemetic” thinking they’ve done something 
 I think you mean pogroms! PS. Most Zionists are not Jews they are Christian Evangelicals and now that Modi is in power in India, most likely Hindu Nationalists. 
 liam made a song sexualizing bi women. rdj has done blackface and said transphobic and sexist things in the past. cevans supports cops and the military and was in a zionist and white savior film 
 HIAS has a long history of great work for our ppl. But partnering in ANY way w/ these hate orgs legitimizes their "nOt aNtI-SeMiTic, jUsT aNti-zIoNiSt" BS. There's NO prob w being pro-refugee/ working w Muslims. Yay for all that! But working w Islamists is beyond the pale. 
 If these are the liberal Zionists everyone is talking about I don’t want them 
 Not at all. The Zionists torture the land with their sins and their idols. It hates their presence and is in deep pain as long as they are there. Forcing the holy land to be another france or Italy is only possible for someone who hates the land 
 No one except Russia can protect the Arabs from the american and ottoman zionists today. 
 I disagree on his stance for Jews only. IMHO they should have been made whole by giving them back their property in Poland, Germany... but the Zionist plan was to take everybody to Palestine. Read Zionism In the Age Of Dictators. Also Norm Finkelstein The Holocaust Industry. 
 Do you feel that a reaction to Zionist colonialism against your Jewish neighbours in an Arab land who had nothing to do with it is somehow justified? It's like Christians killing Muslims in Europe because ISIS terrorists bombed a church in Egypt. How is that even relevant? 
 Moses was blinded for a reason. Why does not Israel examine why Moses was blinded &amp; ensure Israel follows a right path? It does not matter what Hitler thought or when he began hating Jews, he was guided by Luciferian Zionists to do what he did &amp; he was funded by them, as well. 
 I want to create a thread to debunk zionists claims that they’re allowed to murder Palestinians because “Isrealis are the rightful owners of the land” (Part <number> / <number> ) 
 Holy at the end of times: certainly among the people you will find the () and the , the most stubborn of the and you will find the most and for the believers in those who say we are . (Ma'idah/ <number> ) 
 I had always assumed that when you self-identify as a Zionist that cabal money just starts rolling in. 
 Was it Musa Zionist or Dadod 
 A Gret Gift to Israel and to the Christian Zionists who adore Trump and to the Military Industrial Congressional Complex who will profit immensely from the fallout. 
 Britain truly is finished ! We allowed the Zionist United Nations dictate immigration and flood the country and Europe with every Arab and African nation.... ( the KALERGI PLAN ). 
 Is this little monster Greta a Zionist actor by chance? 
 Well the zionists got him to move the embassy to Jerusalem did not they... 
 You standing down as the only honourable leader and indeed politician in the Labour party is nothing short of an absolute disaster. I wish you all the best, I supported Labour on account of you, sadly the and corrupted the vote. Now millions will die. . 
 Also with Iran surrounded by dozens of US military bases &amp; nearly <number> US troops, Trump's withdrawal of the <number> nuclear pact, crushing sanctions on Iran, at the same time appears a ramping up of "Greater Israel": The Zionist Plan for the Middle East. Likely to be a US missile 
 it doesnt show he's a zionist, what it does show is that he decided to join the military after <number> / <number> ,,, and i mean america's military is already ugly on it's own but his islamphobia drove him to do this so ://// stan ben barnes xoxo 
 i wanna say something that's been on my mind: if you claim to denounce anti-semitism, your support of Jews cannot hinge on whether or not those Jews are zionist or not. if your support for Jews relies on them having good politics, you are saying there are Good Jews and Bad Jews 
 O my master, where are you?These fake masters (the Zionists) are destroying mankind and turning the world into a garden for the rich.Whole of the world is waiting for a taste of your sweet government 
 Putin is zionist puppet! 
 <number> million a day our taxpayer money wasted to support apartheid evil Zionist Israel murdering by bombing using our Americans weapons over all innocent civilians women and children in Palestine Syria Jordan &amp; elsewhere in Middle East. We needed our money to be reinvested in USA 
 Then, <number> years later, he addressed Herut Zionists of America. This is what happens to polls in Congress for <number> decades. 
 Jewish lineage is based through maternal lineage but that should not mean I have to defend the zionist ethnostate. 
 's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more. 
 " The message is clear in many parts of the EU: you are free to offend Christianity, or any religion for that matter, and threaten Jews and Zionists in pro-Palestinian rallies, all with no consequences, but lay off Islam." ~JW 
 "JINO" = Jewish enough for nazis but not zionists 
 Nothing is better than Memri for seeing the true face of anti Zionists, anti Israel and anti Jewish. 
 Because they are all same Zionist directors working as a family 
 But our harsh and vengeful revenge will be the destruction of Israel and the Zionists We are ready for the last drop of blood 
 One more thing before I go to sleep: Fuck isr*el, fuck zionists, and fuck everyone who supports isr*el. goodnight &lt; <number> 
 note though that even his impression of what life is like in the west or at MIT is as bad as his english. You can actually choose not to normalize with zionists and zionist groups. you can choose to be part of BDS or rally against normalization, it would come with a cost though. 
 Greater Israel:The Zionist plan for the Middle East. This has been on the cards for years 
 Why Hollywood is Mahdi’s enemy?More than half of the US wealth is in possession of <percent> of its population who are mostly Zionist Jews. The Promised Mahdi will come to distribute all wealth of the earth equally among all people of the world 
 Ah! A Zionist remark! 
 Meanwhile ur husband, who doesn’t believe in reparations for ADOS, but dispensed billions $ to the Zionist state, was busy advocating <number> his own legacy, or telling us to pull up our pants. We’ve moved beyond his brand of acquiescence to a renewed social vision root in MLKing. 
 Rise of Christian Zionists in US government and collapse of chain of command 
 some of you guys equate the word “zionist” with “Jewish” and I’m here to kindly ask you to stop :) 
 Your anti-theist but a arab-zionist? And its multiculturalism vs Muslims, even though their is ethnic Asians, Africans and European Muslims. Migrants are guests in the west? Are you talking about the settler's vs the native Americans? I am lost 
 Not my beef, their asking not to use word Zionists towards Israeli Jews. 
 No thanks I am hiding out in the North Woods with trees lol they shelter me from the insanity. 
 Do not forget Zionist Jews and Israel run America. Ask the the <number> / <number> victims families who they think was behind the killing that day. 
 Looks IDENTICAL to the arch-zionist libertarian Sinatra-obsessive I lived with in my first year at ucsc 
 The Holocaust was the best thing ever for the Zionists. 
 Claire upset with twitter anti Zionist jews?? Ha! This is her constant mood: 
 great to meet you in the Twitterverse my fellow known Zionist! I hope to see you in Tel Aviv soon, or somewhere towards the fields of Judea and Samaria. (I am know for refusing to use the term "West Bank" in conversation). 
 they’re zionists too what’s not clicking 
 it's the Zionists, the Jesuits, the Pagan Roman Empire, The Freemasons" basically anyone but J*ws. 
 Joe Biden, you should also remember the millions of Palestinians who lost their lives, homes, properties and living as refugees throughout the world, due to the atrocities committed against them by your beloved Jewish zionists ! 
 DONALD TRUMP &amp; THE EVIL JEWS ZIONIST CONNECTION - EXPOSED via 
 Reminded me of the diff types of Zionists Sone hard liner some soft some secular But all hav hate in thm Ps- all jews nt zionists. Many rabbi are against it so respct them. 
 ...and what ????? This is damm fu*** occupation and worse this is zionist occupation ... I trying nor to be a mot** fuc*** rude. 
 The Zionists persuaded Britan to give them Palestine for return they will persuade the US to fight with against Germany ... 
 i’m a proud zionist, yes 
 "swapped his recipes for outlandish claims about the global extent of “Jewish” and “Zionist” power, deliberately using Nazi terms like “parasites” and “subhumans” to his point that Covid- <number> is a symptom of wider global conspiracy run by prominent Jews" 
 I forgot to include in the bought and paid for Zionist Commie Lobby 
 Jerusalem Post Warns That Democratic Frontrunner Communist Bernie Sanders Is No Friend Of Israel And In Fact Is A Pro-Palestinian Anti-Zionist • Now The End Begins - 
 It IS complicated because you have got Ashkenazi Jews whose parents and grandparents were also born in Israel. Again, I think it comes down to personal choice. But I absolutely disagree that we need to disregard our European roots to appease the anti zionist not anti semite crowds. 
 Just for the sake of Israel... another employee to kowtow to zionists 
 If we acted based on Lebanese interests, like Israel does and the Syrian regime for itself , Lebanon would still be where it should. However, religious financial and political attachments that cross borders have doomed us, most of our politicians are proxies for a bigger chess gm 
 Being anti zionist when are not a jew or an arab that have straight conection to the issue giving you <percent> chance of being anti semitic 
 Marjorie Taylor Greene, a Republican congressional nominee in Georgia, shared a video in <number> repeating the anti-Semitic claim that “Zionist supremacists” are conspiring to flood Europe with migrants in order to replace the white populations there.… 
 Big perfect puppet for the Zionists! 
 Over MLK weekend, Zionist teens gathered in San Mateo at the conference to hear from speakers including college activists, a pro-Israel South African and a controversial anti-Islam former Muslim. 
 Not "peace" deals, they were not at war with the zionist entity to begin with, just puplicizing the relationship, it only matters to the corrupt rulers who sold their souls, their people's and the Palestenians for imagined gains, betrayal &amp; weakness run in their bloods. 
 You’re cancelled. 
 These Anti-zionist Judaic Talmudic Haradim reside in Israel. THEY ARE NOT ANTISEMITIC! They have full priviledges as Israelites. It is Hypocritical to say Antizionism is Antisemetic!!! 
 ⁦⁩ is this the white privilege your preaching to everyone about?!? Shouldn’t you be saying “Zionist Jew privilege”She Wants to lecture people while hitting the exclusive resorts. and a admitted head case. Have another doobie you fruit loop 
 What Does Zionist Mean? | Politics by it's been widely argued that the term "Zionist" has, in some circles, become a code word for "Jew" and that bigotry against Jewish people ... 
 You should check out (Tore) tweets about infowars today. Apparently Tore was so incredibly smart and good at her job, she failed to recognize the Zionist operation she was clearly participating in. 
 Zionist domination of America... 
 Honestly I did not see that and the most cursury glance at my TL will allow you that, like Bernie, I am a Zionist Jew. So... 
 We, the American people, cannot breathe from the hands of racist demons O free people, come out with weapons and get your cities back from the devils and the devil's devil in the name of God and Jesus Christ.And destroy Trump, the devil, and the black Zionist pal 
 As <percent> of Jews are Zionists - let us be clear about what he really wants. 
 "finest police org's in world"?? Typical Zionist. Front lines to incarcerating largest prison pop. in world, <percent> prisoners, <percent> world pop. Many POC, so this criminal system can use prisoners as slave labor, another way to increase these Zionist criminals wealth thru exploitation 
 Reiner, it's time to disclose your own neocon ties also. Might help others to understand why you are promoting a senile zionist like Biden...that Trump would completely destroy in the general. 
 Somewhere I read there was a <percent> threshold. That clearly was not the case last time (GZ won <number> ). But I read the rules and I do not see any mention of a threshold. I never knew there was a Zionist Supreme Court, but it makes sense that there should be in event of such challenges! 
 There are numerous oppressed people in the world. They’re impatiently waiting for the one to come and save them from the Zionists and their advocates. That day is very close. 
 Lots of zionists pretending not to be in this thread. 
 Israel has the most powerful military in all of the Mideast yet they stand on the necks of the most vulnerable of their people. The Palestinians and Israelis are brothers by blood yet the Zionist treat the Palestinians like they’re not human. You can’t be upset at the oppressed 
 Der Starmer is full on into JudeoNazification and HinduNazification too. I should have left as soon as started grovelling to the Zionist movement and that was as soon as the antisemitism smears began. It's a relief to be an 
 You think I care what a Zionist troll from UK thinks about my thread. The conclusion of it was we are all brothers and sisters in ME except the invading Zionist gutter trash from europe &amp; US and the takfiri beasts from Saudi. All need to go! 
 == Abraham was Iraqi == Zionists: stop deceiving Jews ️ 
 Boycott for the victims of Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell and Leslie Wexner. Payback is a bitch. Joe Biden has said he's a Zionist. Believe him. Do not buy anything from a Zionist owner. Do not vote for Biden. He is their man. 
 Peace is a word that is not in the Zionist dictionary. 
 Yeah that happens, but to come in and say that pointing out that being Jewish and being Zionist is different is akin to "notallmen" is absurd. People that automatically equate the two are bigots. Just like how people who equate Muslims with the worst examples of Islam are bigots. 
 Why do you use the word Zionist? Israel defended itself against hundreds of rockets and mortars fired indiscriminately upon innocent Israelis including children. Of course a major factor leading to hostilities was the kidnapping and murder of <number> Israeli teenagers. Do better. 
 I care for non-Zionists. Zionists are evil. Jew does not equal Zionist. Embracing Zionism is a choice; a bad one. 
 Devious Zionist backs thicko in an attempted murder of our great Labour Party. 
 What are Zionists 
 Some of the first universities to be infiltrated by marxists were by ingrate, enslaving jews kicked out of Frankfurt. One such jew was a Harvard zionist professor who stated that jews do not want admit their god is lucifer. Social marxist saul alinsky dedicated his work to lucifer 
 I am actually closer to the Early Zionist philosophy than to the PSC so I may have a chance :) 
 Why should they blame ...it was a attack! It’s all about creating hate isn’t it! 
 What does the genocide of 6M Jews have to do with mask mandates? It’s an excuse for Supremicists to promote an anti-Zionist agenda. tRump has given the racist underbelly of America permission to show it’s ugly self. Sorry haters, Jews are here to stay and we will replace you. 
 Interesting theory, but it does not explain why Streeting, Phillips, Nandy, Starmer, Thornberry, Blunkett, Winston and all the other nasty Zionists did not sign. Why just Hodge &amp; Kinnock? 
 I guess ISIS found our beliefs and rituals weird too when they attacked our shrines and beheaded our people. I love it when people who retweet anti imperialist anti zionist content <number> / <number> are so willing to dehumanize the most marginalized oppressed communities. 
 But KS maiden statement was thru a paywalled Murdoch rag? "Stay &amp; fight!" But Labour Report showed illegal collusion to lose elections! "Stay &amp; fight!" But Labour are pro Zionist &amp; anti BAME? "Stay &amp; fight!" But they are purging socialists? "Stay &amp; fight!" Fuck off... 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : From what I understand we did not kill Soleimani for things he did in Iran, but for what he did outside of I… 
 To be clear, I am equally if not more disgusted by Ivanka and her little zionist prick husband. Similar energy to this one, actually. Coincidence? 
 Joe Biden is a plagiarist &amp; a segregationist - In His own words on multiple accessible videos. There is no way in hell a Republican Zionist masquerading as a Democrat could beat trump. <number> enthusiasm for Joe - never has been. He get's like what 2dozen ppl at his events? 
 No one in the Democratic Party has the B...ls, the intestinal fortitude, to stand for principle, and as usual, will cower to the Neoliberal/Zionist class, that owns, ALL of them. The Other side is just as bad. 
 You have to be a Zionist to vote. Based on his positions, I’m not sure Sanders qualifies as a Zionist. Has anyone heard Sanders call himself a Zionist? He’s said he’s a proud Jew and said he wants a safe Israel, but Zionist? I doubt it. If only a journalist would ask him. 
 Not a zionist? 
 Do not be s racist and conflate Jews and Zionists and Jews and israelis. you are not responsible for Israel's war crimes and racism. Dickheads would find it difficult to understand English iron after getting their script from the Israeli embassy 
 reminder than ben platt is a zionist 
 The Zionist movement came from the British Israelites. The Rothschilds were "Court Jews" who were given their power by monarchs, princes &amp; dukes of Europe including the Bank of England. They were servants of the British empire. They needed the backing of the British monarchy. 
 's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more. 
 Without Freemasonic “Christian” Satanists and fake “Christian” Zionists there would be no Judeo-Bolshevik States of America. 
 But zionist Israel is not an apartheid state, right? Wrong, it certainly is. And an invader one,an imperialist one,one at the margin of international law, a rogue state.But it&amp;their imperialist pals are very fine with all that. 
 Keep watchin how this Bribe Minister and His Zionist Fryberg "distribute the "minsical stimulus package" to who and whom !If its anything like the BUSHFIRE Relief package of <money> Billion ,we wont be seeing a cent of it ! 
 Along with with Ken Livingstone. The man was stating historical fact. The Nazi’s did work with the Zionists. Britain and the USA refused to accept Jewish refugees from Nazi Germany. Because it was not the policy of the Zionists. They wanted them to go to Palestine. 
 I think you and us should take care of Zionists first, later we can put up a fight 
 I comprehend what attempting to say about , however gotta explain the entirety of the situation. zionists were/are both sides of the proverbial underground railroad. Ownership an afterthought in those times, "freedom" greater importance. 
 "World News Daily Report (WNDR) is a satirical fake news website purporting to be an American Jewish Zionist newspaper based in Tel Aviv and dedicated to covering biblical archeology news and other mysteries around the Globe" 
 Israel: Response to explosive balloons, the Zionists Israeli regime air force attacks Hamas underground infrastructure. In the silence of the night. <date> 
 You see, read and interpret from a sick and very poisonous zionist perspective, plus the way you write and the words you use force me to meet you with block button. 
 Icant take these pics anymore the Zionist desecration of the al aqsa 
 The British recruited <number> Egyptian soldiers to fight the Ottoman Empire in Palestine. The reward was Palestine given to the Zionists. 
 i am saying this as someone that had a lot of pro zionist propaganda to unlearn and am still working towards being more well read and more knowledgeable on this and it's so ridiculous to me that people refuse to do that 
 Muslims place? Do enlighten us with your many "facts" of wisdom which you know by heart. Can not wait. 
 You mentioned D year <number> , OK, What was D case b4 ? Palestinian ppl live on their hometown Muslims, Christians &amp; Jews , peacefully &amp; happily . When Jews immigrated from their HOMETOWNS in Europe , Palestinians sympathized W/ them, first they did not know D Zionist's plan . 
 The irony of a Zionist warning of the far right... 
 Micah is a white anti-zionist jew &amp; identifies as trans, nonbinary, and timtum (one of six traditional jewish gender categories). They make art as a practice of love and solidarity with trans liberation and racial justice movements to build power. ( <number> / <number> ) 
 Ran out of space. Not all Zionist are Likud supporters. Not everyone who believes in Human Rights for Palestine, is anti-Semitic. Disagreeing with a very right-wing govt/BoD is not anti-Semitic. Jews who disagree with BoD/likud/netanyahu are not anti-Semitic 
 Corny missed the memo: ALL meddling &amp; , , orders emanate from Israel because Zionists are Nazis &amp; is bioterrorism to escape &amp; 
 The Zionist Occupied Government of America via 
 sides with against : expect more of the same if he’s leader 
 In discussions of ecological anarchism he's infinitely better than this cryptofash nonsense bran is vomiting out. Or the incredibly lazy and intentionally disingenuous "Bookchin was a Zionist" dismissal you presumably got from Ben Norton 
 He wasn’t evil, I personally know that. I’m guessing there were good and bad people amongst early Zionists, just like amongst the early European settlers to America. There’s a gap that cannot be bridged (or at least I can’t) between individual people and institutions. 
 Fun fact of the day: Attacking right wing Zionist Jews as a Jew makes you a "traitor" Genuinely disgusted 
 Churchill was a ZIONIST 
 How many Zionist killed in last <number> yrs, not forgetting children. When another evil rises its head we must go after them and leave your evil alone. Specially when your evil is the core issue. 
 Im sorry i simply HAVE to defend Dionne here. PLEASE read up on the facts! Tommy Robinson is a shill who has been backed by globo-homo Zionists. Avi Yemini is his handler and hes completely ripped off the British public whove sent him money so he can fund a lavish lifestyle. 
 Equally, there was Jewish opposition to the Zionist movement, which sought to establish a Jewish homeland, long before the state of Israel was declared in <number> . Today fringe ultra-Orthodox groups such as Neturei Karta oppose the state of Israel because they believe the &gt; 
 Zionist slaves this one is even more humiliating himself in front of the face of the world ... 
 Point <number> gives them a veto . Only views of Zionist Jews are acceptable . 
 You can’t resist a mosquito cloud. Zionist Israel is bracing itself for the inevitable humongous mosquito cloud 
 Merits of the strike aside you really think US intelligence sharing their plan to kill the creator of Hezbollah with Israeli counterparts is a Zionist plot? 
 You say “most” will lie for material or political goals. If you’re right, Israel must seriously do all it can to vet. Asking for Zionist study, passing tests &amp; a loyalty oath can only assist. I don’t see how these hurdles hurt the vetting. If they don’t help, nothing lost. 
 This Zionist and feminist thinks we look like this haha 
 While Zionists act like they hate antisemitism, they align with antisemites that fuel their aim to make jews emigrate here, while they demolish and bomb mosques in Palestine, and uproot Muslim cemeteries in Haifa and Tel Aviv to build condominiums. 
 She as a thing about Tel Aviv and who paid for all them flights ? Probably us lSRAELI Zionist lobbyists love this one 
 That is what I e been saying for years!! And of course we can’t forget the zionists role in all of this! 
 Says the Zionist 
 they are zionists tho no corporations are your friends 
 We know it's all pushed by jews at the end of the day. Even the so called anti-zionists do not seem to want to call out their fellow tribe members in western society - funny that 
 Im pretty sure she's a zionist ?? At least from what I have heard 
 .: annexation of the West Bank could "damage 's relations with the Trump administration, the Democrats, Europeans &amp; Arab leaders, as well as destabilize the region, radicalize the Israeli Left, &amp; harm the Zionist goal of a Jewish state." 
 Zionists is not “basically ALL jews” I didn’t mention the word jews I didn’t bring religion to the table. You are the one who did. By Israelis I mean Israelis and that’s what I mean. You’re the one who overanalyzed my words :) 
 I smell Zionist 
 Well Sky is a zionist media owned by motherf**r Murdoch.What do you expect.Same as Sun newspapers 
 dont you see the situation ? the destruction of Iran is up coming agandas of Zionists those mullahs who made a Iran deal are the Zionist 
 Poor fool ... Show this courage to your real enemies. We are not too afraid. We are never afraid of someone like Zionist believer, especially Sisi...Enough of this pilot lady for coward Sisi... 
 this man doesnt represent zionism or what zionists stand for imo 
 Hitler was an awful and terrible person and siding with him or thinking he did right by torturing innocent jews is antisemitic Criticising the govt of Israel is not, do not mix the two up and think all jews are zionists Learn the difference 
 Some said "Never Again"!!! Really? So Will there be a Gaza Museum any time soon? Or ONLY after there are <number> Million Victims? Asking for ALL Palestinians MURDERED by = = = 
 Zionists out crusader state in 
 The threat to the Jews is zionists (and your predecessors). Always was. Stop blaming everyone else. 
 For goodness sake stop feeding this troll. It has been banned numerous times only to come back and start the process again. Explain to me why anyone is replying to his repeated nonsense. FFS let it go and block him. 
 Israel Zionists including IDF settler Israeli occupying force are state sponsored terror groups supported by American Zionist politicians who receiving campaign contributions in form of hidden bribery from AIPAC, American Israel political action committee! 
 they are pro-israel/Zionists :/ 
 Zionists and wahabbis wear diapers. 
 As a staunch anti-Zionist, I would ask that you refer to yourselves as “non-anti-Zionists”. Thanks snowflake ! 
 Just found out one of my own cousins did not vote yet in World Zionist Org elections. Online voting ends tomorrow. Will take care of this right after dinner. 
 <percent> of jews are zionist, 
 <number> years after US invasion of Afghanistan, yankees finally accept defeat n sign peace with Taliban. Mullah Abdul Gani Baradar signs retreating agreement with invading US forces. Zionist America is retreating from Afghanistan to defend its master Israel. New war n defeat is coming 
 Have you included the votes of your friends that have been, or are about to be, indicted in those counts, Benny? Non-Zionist Israelis count for nothing? You are a racist fascist. It's no wonder Jews all over the world hate your Zionist State; they can see what's happening. 
 Joe is an admitted Zionist. I saw him say so on video. It's still up on Youtube. 
 what a zionist truly is ??? like i’m so glad young people are getting easier access to education but also keep in mind that a lot of young people aren’t in spaces that talk abt zionism on the tl etc 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 Anti- Capitalist, anti- Imperialist, anti-Zionist and anti- American, fighters killed scores of the `s police in suicidal street battles during the`70s. The group targeted - owned hotels, airlines and oil companies, and was responsible for the death of <number> Americans. 
 a white guy calling non/anti-zionist Jews racist against themselves is the sort of completely surreal bullshit that has come out of this horrible mess 
 my heart actually started racing watching this. official campaign ad talking about tzedakah and tikkun olam and anti-zionist judaism, i can not believe this is real 
 years pass. a sequel you never expected is delayed <number> times. you play the game. neil druckmann is a zionist. you detach from your favorite series with so much remorse 
 You didnt told me that at which place on earth was the state of Israel from 70AD to <number> until UN passed a Palestinian Partition Plan to create Israel. Come on tell me 
 the person arguing over the term is transphobic and a zionist PLUS uses slurs and claims to not be white because her grandma isnt white 
 Tomorrow is the commemoration of the massacre of by Jewish terrorists in <number> . Join me and others here <number> PM time. By 
 Israel is a European zionist Invaders illegal state. 
 Not all Jews are Zionist and not all Zionist are Jews, therefore how can it be anti Semitic, you are confusing race and religion with politics 
 The Zionist Scum Bombing Syria again. Shoot the Fuckers down. 
 Which kind of "History" do you Zionists study? 
 Only in the terrorist state can they treat people &amp; property like this. How to Steal Land in Four Easy Steps Zionist style. 
 ZIONIST RUN DEEP STATE IN USA WHO WORK COVERTLY ZIONISTS HAVE BEEN TRYING TO TAKE OVER THIS PLANET FOR <number> YRS THEY USED <number> ISLANDS AS WORLD SUPER POWERS BEFORE WW2 AND AFTER WW2 NOW ITS THEIR TERM WW3 MEAN <number> ISLANDS GONE ONLY THEN ISREAL WILL LEAD THE WORLD 
 I wish peace to the usa people. But US military presence in Middle East is on Zionist orders to protect Israel 
 Even in war, the etiquette of engagement must be followed. In Israel zionist where they claim that they are a so-called civilized country, the rule does not apply to them. 
 And you have a problem as you support a Zionist Muslim-hater who doesn’t know the meaning of مقومة and is proud that he doesn’t know. That’s the expertise you prefer? 
 Great. The British also stopped Jews escaping the Holocaust to Palestine. There were hundreds of thousands of Zionists in E. Europe who would have gone in the 20s &amp; 30s. 
 I ASSUME BY <number> - <number> AMERICAN JEWS (PARTICULARLY ON THE LEFT) FIGURE OUT THAT WHEN THEY SAY "ZIONISTS" OR "ISRAELIS" THEY JUST MEANT "JEWS" 
 LMFAO apologize to then disband. Zionists aint allies. 
 No. Because Zionists never did that. Arabs just think they have the right to invade a country and massacre their children because they could. Like they did during their invasion of Israel in the 1830s. Or like they did to Hebron in <number> . 
 my mum just being blatantly anti-Semitic at this point she tries to say she's just against Zionists but then she constantly agrees with all these harmful stereotypes about Jewish people and I am just like ffs she's absolutely insane 
 I am sure we will find a picture of the sick lanky Gantz jumping up and down on a tank praying and rocking to and fro while he and his killer squads are murdering innocent Palestinian civilians. Another sick Zionist. 
 What role Iran's Jews r or r not playing in U.S-Iran relations ? I read some time back that they are v happily living in Iran How can that be possible if Israel has tense relations wid Iran or is seen as an inveterate enemy of Israel . Or they are orthodox Jews but not Zionists 
 Same centrists, neolibs &amp; zionists who called Corbyn and his followers Communists, made claims about how there would be left wing 'purges' under them (there were not, if anything JC was too inclusive, even of backstabbers) are now purging everyone in sight. Pure hypocrisy 
 Oh look, <number> zionist trolls pumping for war. 
 The Zionists brought in medical equipment and food. That’s the hook. 
 this is a FAKE PROFILE. ITS AN ACCOUNT WITH FALSE IDENTITY. BELONGS TO AN ISRAELI ZIONIST. 
 zionists block me &lt; <number> 
 Corbyn actually said English Zionists..why do you choose to use their possible faith? 
 The treacherous Kurds are Zionist state's ally and Trump bootlicking lap dogs who will be abandoned by all. 
 No she blocks you if you question Israel. She is a progressive Zionist. 
 Only missiles and death to israhell. The terrorist,murderers, illegal fake and the mist criminal ever regime. Zionist are not humans. 
 zionists with acab in their twitter dn this website is just too much for me sometimes 
 Hitler wasn’t a Zionist, he did create a pact with the Zionists at one point though(The Haavara Agreement) which I believe was probably one of the most shameful things he did. 
 Do You Still Believe Donald Trump is an Antisemite? Why do people still say is ? backs another claim: he's the first president of the United States. 
 Is Siri a woke AI? Siri, Apple's virtual assistant, accurately described Israel as the "Zionist occupation state" when some users asked about the president of Israel over the weekend. 
 You are a mind reader now Hudge. So whoever uses the word Zionist is an abuser? How do you know the person who uses the word means to be abusive? 
 Because he’s zionist and he support israel and I honestly don’t blame zayn when he left the band, not only harry all of them are zionists. F*CK THEM 
 Israel is trying to act quickly, while Trump and his Zionist pals are still in office -- and while the world is distracted with protests, inane politics, and contagion. 
 Us Zionists do not need to be angry and rarely are. It seems to be the anti Israel brigade who get very heated though, must be all the flag waving and chanting 
 Zionist attacks on British while British were at war with the Nazis. Collaboration? 
 Fox is zionist. 
 They really love to group Jews into their 'good' and 'bad' categories without any knowledge of Jews and Judaism at all. Like, they have decided being Zionist or Ashkenazi or following the Talmud are all things to group Jews as 'bad', so they have imagined this fantasy other kind <number> / <number> 
 As for AIPAC and all, being a leftist I dislike them prob as much as you do but for different reasons. I am a Zionist BUT prefer when the US influences the region fairly - and not catering to right wingers. 
 The Jews were just a small minority, but the Zionists brought in millions of immigrants to balance the overwhelming demographic balance. 
 's Zionist leaders &amp; their US backers are trying to suppress Palestinian voices. US media is, unsurprisingly, doing the same. It's time for that to change. 
 Really awesome that it was started by Gal Gadot, an open Zionist who served in the IDF and doesn’t believe Palestinians have a right to exist! 
 Stop financing arms companies which are involved in the killings of innocent Palestinians at the hands of Israeli, Zionist terrorists! It is imperative that you end your complicity with the violation of Palestinians HUMAN rights! 
 It surely is. Stolen by Zionists, aided and abetted by the British &amp; American Empires. 
 Israel is helping Palestinians? By doing what murdering and raping them. The zionist nation is eradicating every innocent Palestinian citizen, you’re not helping, you’re a stain on the earth, the IDF will be crushed 
 USA is partner to zionists crimes against Palestinian people. 
 She too is creation of Zionists... 
 germany/USSR sent <number> US vast majority criminal commies/zionists/atheists starting in 40s,they grabbed hold,banned prayers.look at what zionist/atheist talmud jewish family of drumphs,largest porn/brothel running rings since grandpa left germany,wake up kids arrest all criminals.. 
 You can comparing wars started by USA and those started in West Asia if you like. I can bet USA would have a part in those too. Hardly any difference between the actions of Israhell East European Zionists &amp; USA. Look into this too 
 ・WorldNO_1_PresidentTrump_Victory2020Again ・Anti_NWO_Eradication・Struggle In a struggle to eradicate the world's domination by Zionist plots such as Rothschild Rockefeller, President Trump aims to win with his great intelligence and power. 
 My favorite thing is when people like Ben Geier get told to state what your Zionist politics are and the only thing they can do is shut down and say that they know more about the subject. Obviously you know so much about it that it terrifies you to be wrong 
 While all this is happening is being consistently told by enablers that he is the . This is the message being whispered in 's ear by the -stacked on Pennsylvania Avenue. America? You are finished. 
 Zionists in the shadow cabinet means I will not vote for Labour, I have been Labour for over three decades but not any more John. 
 So the media said chemtrails are only water vapor then come out to say it's to combat climate change. So which is it Zionists? If the CO2 emitted by planes, cars, etc. have a warming effect on the atmosphere then y does NASA/DARPA trap all these gases within the stratosphere? 
 Epic Muslim struggle will continue until Palestine is liberated from Zionists via 
 Corbyn ain’t anti semitic, he’s anti zionist. Boris is openly racist with no repercussions. This fool is the leader of this country kmt 
 ...even to those who aren’t privileged enough to have the funds to fly from New York to Israel. That’s the idea of this gift from Israel and Zionist Jewish philanthropists, allowing this opportunity to any Jew that actually wants to visit Israel and connect to his Jewish roots. 
 "This intifada is *not the result of despair*. This intifada is a jihad, a holy war fought by the Palestinian people against the Zionist occupation. Only a holy war will drive the occupier out of Palestine." - Hamas Prime Minister 
 <percent> of American Jews are Zionists. AIPAC does not own anyone. You are seeing fantasies of AIPAC conspiracies that do not exist. I want my country back from people like you. 
 A rubbish C-list non-entity actress. Zionist mouthpiece. 
 That's a trait of supremacist Jews (I.e. Zionists), and not all Jews, many of whom oppose Israel. SJ are mainly in Israel and in the upper echelon of governments (particularly the US). Lumping them together confuses the matter. Best to refer to them as Zionists 
 Where's all the outraged Zionists who go around attacking everyone of anti semitism, bur Bernie is sympathetic to the Palestinians &amp; AIPAC has declared war on him , thus no outrage from the Zionists about this outrageously offensive remark. 
 Zionist Political Correctness. 
 May be Zionists are taught to count <number> as a thousand or so! 
 Trump is most likely blackmailed by Israeli agents. There's also the "counsel" of many zionists surrounding him at the White House, including his son-in-law Jared Kushner, &amp; Jewi$h donor$. If not for pressure from Israeli interests, we would have never gotten involved there. 
 Donald trump is a zionist... he doesn’t want the truth to come out. It was Isreal. It’s obvious 
 Jewish Zionist? Really? Don’t cross the line, you start hating race or religion I’m out 
 ‘Christian Zionists’ Dictate the Agenda of the Republican Party: “Israel is not as a real country but a fantasyland, backdrop for Christian myth.” 
 once again they turn your good attention in to rase cart specially when they are out of arguments !? zionists always use the Jews to play anti Semite cart or hide and blend behind the good honest and real Jewish pepoles 
 This is the reason you can not get answers. You do not know enough to ask questions. Hasta la vista, baby! 
 It appears that most of them are still under the false impression that "White &amp; Blue" are a Zionist party. 
 The fate of must be decided by its main inhabitants, including the Jewish, Christian and Muslim peoples, not by the Zionist immigrants.Definitely a disgraceful deal (the deal of the century or the Trump peace deal) is harmful and dangerous for Palestinians. 
 This nobodys' rise has been made possible by Zionists and Zionist funds 
 This is abt as paternalistic, condescending as any person can be, speaking on behalf of US who has been as belligerent towards Iraq as anyone can be. Stop with your B.S. everyone sees through your lies, except your Zionist Foreign agent, gangsters! No one should heed your B.S. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : by Maria Zakharova: The hero of today’s was Hitler’s professional agent, a Nazi and a criminal. What el… 
 At least it’s a Palestinian party and either we chose them or not it’s a Palestinian issue, but this don’t make the criminal zionists occupation innocent 
 Anti-Zionists are very clever at proving this kind of impossible Of course, they are not exactly known for their intellectual prowess 
 So what you are saying is that because the Palestinians attack Israel because they are being bombed and Israel builds a very effective Defencsive shield. Israel should should be allowed to kill civilians without any consequences? Typically Zionist mindset. Lmao! 
 All Zionists are terrorists 
 several ppl on the tl subtweet against zionism all the damn time. i’m a proud zionist. it’s a really personal issue. i also believe in palestinian rights. we exist. educate yourselves, i’m rlly tired of it 
 I fear for USA future, the Fascists and Zionists are out in full force to destroy the USA forever and make it officially subservient to the state of Israel. The Zionists need a large superpower to carry out their dirty deeds in the world, the USA Fascists are a perfect partner! 
 This is actually written about in Karen Armstrong's books analyzing how radicalization occurs in Evangelical Christianity, Fundamentalist Islam, and Zionist Judaism. When closed minded zealots see their movements begin to falter they retreat into insular echo chambers. &gt; 
 Watching Zionists try and mask their Jewish supremacy as "just the legitimate Jewish self determination!" is funnier than laughing at conservatives. I promise. 
 Where i blame jews All jews are not Zionist Lemme correct u 
 you know zionists are said not to see humanity in others. Now you see why 
 Yeah he also knows that he has no counter argument other then running from debate 
 's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more. 
 Tell me where I said it tied to israel. I said surrounds himself with anti semites and wants to give aid to the Palestinian authorities, which happen to be recognized internationally as terrorist organizations. I never said you had to be Zionist 
 Zionist Quislings always get their reward. 
 When Turkey either engages Syrian Air Defenses with its attacks or directly destroys them, it is acting entirely within the interest of the Zionist occupation state by both identifying and destroying AD sites so the Zionists do not have to do it themselves. 
 Here it is. America would have to invent and israel. And he reiterated again as VP that he is a zionist. 
 Why should we make peace with zionist terrorists, absolute nazi tactics 
 No one finds it odd that after such misery with Trump that the Zionist regime would just drop Bernie into our next election 
 he’s a zionist now you can stop appreciating him 
 Yeah but dude, maybe it is not about who else signed it ya know? He is not endorsing those neocons and zionists 
 A Zionist is a racist no matter how they try to spin it. No place for them on this earth 
 There is exactly ZERO difference between ZIONISTS and the KKK ! 
 Why are Zionist ‘charities’ telling all the extreme Zionists cranks involved in Labour AntiSemitism report to hide their FB comments? 
 seem to have learned everything from the Nazis. , one day they will come for YOUR lands. 
 Nazi-Zionist Connection &amp; – The Final Solution to Adolph Hilter 
 its not a Jewish conspiracy it is Zionist, the founders of modern Zionism made no secret of their contempt for Jews. they were Atheist or worse. not Jewish. 
 ch*nsa its like what? <number> yr? Have you seen her taking lands or smt? Killin sme? Pls who’s been ignorant and also very stupid it’s you, dude. You cant discriminate, that’s it. Periodt. If you want to do smt about Zionist make it sistematic dont come to throw hate over a girl 
 Do you realize that many Israelis and Zionists believe that Palestine should cease to exist and Palestinians should not live there? It goes both ways, but Palestinians are fundamentally disempowered in comparison and don’t have all major western powers fighting for their interest 
 <number> states attacks on BDS will not save Apartheid Israel from collapsing! BDS is a recommendation from the UN in <number> . More American people are aware of the brutal occupation of Palestine by Zionists. 
 Sorry, it’s a very accurate reference and comes from source far outside of “Zionists” and Hollywood. I really hope you aren’t a Holocaust denier, because that’s sick. 
 if you are a zionist i want you to remember there are little kids who end up in hospitals just trying to come home from school because of israeli forces so you being a zionist and pro israel supports that. you support innocent people and children losing their lives violently. 
 Bahaha you are a clown. Ordered the immediate lock down of travel from China it all you Kat's ran your mouth about his Zionist overreaction. Now after the spread went on for a whole month all you were talking about was impeachment...now u care. 
 Of course he does, because to the Zionist mind, Israel needs Jew-hatred and Jewish casualties to vindicate Israel's existence. And this makes Israel's existence a threat to Jewish safety. 
 for not being islamophobic or a zionist... weird ass takes 
 They visit for the holocaust, but how can they forget the millions of people killed by the same zionists. They never do anything about itp 
 Trump is The False Light Idol to usher in the Zionist New World Order. “The New World Order Beast System, for the deceived QAnon sheep, still unseen, But it was all under Trump, The False Light Idol, this merciless monster able to convene.” 
 The US has a history of shooting down passenger planes killing <number> innocent people <number> were children in cold caculated blood. No better than NAZI Germany torpedoing ocean liners before WWII. US Bombing a Ukraine Airliner before WWIII. Same Zionists ! 
 If hes an anti zionist hes no rabbi just a standard wankpuppet 
 Then, you have the sordid history of the Lavon Affair and Operation Susannah as well as many synagogue bombings throughout post WWII Arab world. These were covert operations to frighten Arab Jews and blamed on the "Muslim Brotherhood." Revelations have pointed to Zionist agents. 
 hes prob the reason she gained?? but shes zionist so like is this the same thing bc like supporting racists is being racist and like supporting zionists makes u one? 
 Did this dumbass Islamist say jews don’t want zionists here after going on a whole tangent about how Jews are evil manipulators who are european 
 Zionist-propaganda, so read every statement as if it states the opposite. 
 Been saying for ages Labour has been taken over by zionists. 
 Israel isn’t a Zionist state. It no longer needs to be. Zionism was a hopeful fantasy. Israel is something else now. 
 I will take Zionist national socialism I guess 
 I know the feeling , my auto correct is a Zionist ! 
 There are definite biological differences, that's what separates one race from another. It becomes a problem when you judge individuals based on their group identity rather then for themselves. There's only one of each of us. There's no clear line in the sand. 
 Tell that to the Shia+Sunni+Christian Hashed defending Iraq Or the the <percent> Sunni Syrian Army with their Shia Muslim + Christian allies in Syria Or the Sunnis in Palestine backed by Shia Muslim Iran And then add the anti-Zionist Jews backing the resistance forces everywhere 
 More abuse from Poison Penn - the disgraced ex councillor forced to resign from the Council - no surprise that she supports the McCarthyist attempt of the Zionist to prevent free speech - that's what happens in Israel too 
 "According to documents in the Central Zionist Archive, the first mention of the <number> million claim was at a meeting of high ranking Zionist political figures in Palestine on <date> " <date> ! &gt; a Year Before the end fo WW2! Explanation from Eyal? None. 
 Projects to counter the criminal projects of Zionist &amp; Americans 
 Before wrote , he was a bestselling pornographer. The Nazis banned and Salten, a , fled Germany, dying before ended. paid him only <money> for film rights in <number> . 
 Christmas is a national holiday. we get nothing. if I want to take time off from work I have to use personal leave time to celebrate high holidays. also not all Jews are Zionists. read my timeline I am very anti-Israel under their current regime. 
 Let the know that ANC was once PROSCRIBED, declared terrorists &amp; Mandela was exiled &amp; jailed, so were Israel’s Zionists &amp; Mugabe’s Patriotic Front. Ultimately, each prevailed &amp; founded a NEW NATION. Proscription of has made more urgent &amp; certain. 
 I think part of my issue is that I haven’t yet decided who I want to be on Twitter. I don’t know whether it’s professional psychotherapist, leftist Zionist Jew, beer lover or that “please love me and give me lots of attention” person. 
 Wow you’re a mixed up person. You lump things into categories. It’s the sign of a racist person. Fellow Zionist’s. Jews. And of course you end each tweet with a lie. What Arab children? You mean hamas rockets and killing Israelis children. 
 Do not blame the Jews! Zionists are not murdering Palestinians. That's all down to their own. They are doing something you are not used to, Jews are defending themselves from people trying to kill them. As with all things, the Jewish State is defending itself very well indeed. 
 So interesting to follow your twisted logic. You are no different than the leader of the KKK who is proud to be referred to as a Nazi. Zionists nor any other Jews are hoping to ethnically cleanse people from their ancestral homeland or commit genocide. 
 "Zionists" is not an ethnic group. The Jews are! And the Land of Israel belongs to the Jews! 
 I am pulling up some photos of the massive building I build way off the grid back in the '90s. Steel, <number> ft., with gasoline generator and solar power. They will set some people back, just as it did the Zionists who SWATed their hired Feds on me. 
 You think Israel does not own Trump's Big Mac booty? Not only is it unprecedented for a sitting Secretary of State to speak at a party convention, but Pompeo is making sure to broadcast his speech from Jerusalem. Yes, Biden is a Zionist too. But Trump is Israel's in-house whore. 
 unabashed zionist, stop justifying the annexation 
 The racist hatred is zionist ideology which you espouse 
 At the level of the Islamic world, nations are upset because they see that the Zionist regime's atrocities are supported by the US government. 
 Final thought here. Why would Angus support the Zionist power unless he has leadership aspirations? Should not Singh be getting nervous? Nothing happens in western politics without that necessary Zionist support does it? Update: <number> <number> / <number> in &amp; doing tunes. ( Mavericks ) 
 So if the anti Semitism is definitely not anti Zionist is it then OK to be anti Semitic? Or does that not matter? 
 Typical racist Zionist superiority complex. The land was handed to Zionists by white Europeans and the current occupants are running a far right, racist, apartheid state. 
 izations across the globe stand united against harmful definitions of antisemitism and together for human rights and the freedom to protest.” The Incredible Worldwide Zionist Network of Control: Israel is a tiny nation of <number> million people which is also geographically far - 
 what a joke u call me a nazi when antisemite doesnt work eh lol that ur only defense im not worried All i dont like is isreals government and zionist idelogy, one day you will wake up and see you are on the wrong side of history 
 Ah. I need to watch that Louis theroux ultra Zionist doc!! 
 When I show the photos, people will not know what to make of it at first, I do not blame them. I just wanted to live as far away from the Zionist USA grid as I could. I wanted to be left alone. But they did not leave me alone. 
 Jewish scholar Norman Finkelstein frequently argued just that point... he, too, was viciously maligned for it... including by Zionist pedophile-defender Alan Dershowtiz. 
 Be careful. Zionist will label you anti semitic for showing Israeli war crimes againat gaza 
 your at war with the Zionist ? 
 you are off base. I am happy to hear that the swamp wants a pow-wow with potus, now that the false dems are running like the rats they are. tell me why it's about time the leftist fascist zionist islamic communist illuminati child eating democrats should have that grace.. 
 That's one of the funniest takes I have heard in a while. Right up there with "Bernie Sanders is a Zionist oligarch." 
 I suspect Bari and most Zionists favor a two state solution, Alexandra are you in favor of a two state solution? 
 Not only is Biden a rapist, he's also a fervent zionist... 
 I heard the Zionists also caused China to create the Corona virus, made ISIS attack Syria, Iran attack Iraq, and that Jews eat Palestinian children after stealing their organs. Is it also true that Zionists blew Hurricane Katrina over to the US. Those nasty Zionists. 
 So Bassam Tawil is a 'zionist revisionist' ? He'd be most amused to hear that. How about Arafat? "If there is any such thing as a Palestinian people, it is I, Yasser Arafat, who created them." - from his authorised biography. 
 Thousands of Radical Zionists packed tightly together in gross violation of social distancing rules. But did the reaction from New York's mayor reveal a double standard? are u blind on this. Keep butthurt due to Erdogan success. 
 Turkey is no better than the Zionist Terrorists! 
 He's a Zionist. 
 By what method are Christian Zionists subverted? 
 The zionists and their circle of puppets 
 Zionists will never get MY VOTE! 
 They say Henry Ford was anti-semitic - but, clearly, it was more like anti-zionist. 
 You know how I’m using the word. You have no argument so you try playing with semantics. Be gone with you. I’m blocking you and making sure fellow Zionists know who you really are. 
 The question is not just who signed it, but who wrote it (&amp; circulated it). The presence of key Zionist &amp; anti-BDS pundits (Anne Applebaum, David Brooks, Cary Nelson, David Frum, Kim Ghattas, Anne Marie Slaughter, Randi Weingarten, Bari Weiss) might have given other signers pause 
 The reason is that those 'Palestine activists' are not 'Palestine activists' at all. Either they are Zionists, and oppose Palestinian freedom, or they are fascists, and want to hijack the Palestinian struggle and make it into some shit about 'Jewish world domination' 
 Gantz and Netanyahu reportedly agree on annexing West Bank — and liberal Zionists appeal to Pelosi – Mondoweiss 
 they are getting the blessing to be this way from rightwing zionists like . they think its great to attack leftists as antisemites for tweets about AIPAC money, but ignore fucking nazis. its disgusting. 
 Soros, unicorns, Zionists, deep state &amp; behind it all unicorns. Nearly forgot bigpharma - them devils are terrors altogether. 
 Here is the latest Mysogynist tweet from Dane Giraud, the Spokesperson for David Cumin - Israeli Institute of NZ &amp; Rob Berg - Zionist Federation of NZ. Please ask them to drop the Mysogynist! 
 Today any attempt to identify the Zionist political agenda &amp; anyone who does not give blind allegiance to Israel,homeland to the Zionists,is met with immediate accusations of Anti-Semitism.The fact is "MANY"Jews do not blindly support the Zionist political movement 
 Well,, you need to speak louder and wider ! Palestinian young GENERATIONS are in their MILLIONS .. around the world in their DIASPORAS They’re educated, Smart, And motivated to make a change (not war) = BDS is just one idea only = And Zionists are already terrified 
 Celebrate. He's probably a great Zionist. :D 
 This is just so horrible...One day Zionist will be on trial for crimes against humanity! One day! 
 Zionists are JEWS and friends who believe that Israel would, is and will forever be for Jews. The only question is whether it is a Jewish State or a State for Jews, but the definition is that Jews will never again be thrown out or overpowered in what is now our own State. 
 Today we celebrate <number> years of victory when Lebanon dragged the zionists forces out of its borders, it was the first step to reach the ultimate goal in sha Allah within the next <number> years all nations celebrate a free Holy Land where all religions live peacefully 
 I agree with that. But by the "right" I meant the Alt right and Groyper faction of the right. Mostly comprised of Catholics. Evangelical Americans are pro Israel and Zionist for sure. Trump belongs to that Protestant faction and thus is hated by the same antisemites. 
 Not these innocent Palestinians...victims of US funded Zionist crimes. Decent Israelis and USA citizens alike wouldn’t trust Trump with anything . Impeach him, then get your own houses in order. 
 a Good American Marine is a dead <number> .... hope they all burn in hell, including you the paid propaganda zionist 
 and I know it spells zionists... 
 To live and die with Zionist apartheid Israel is the ultimate goal of any US president... 
 as a jew i dont think people who blindly support the zionist cause are in line with jewish values at all 
 All those brainwashed liberals better not breeding. We can not afford another brainless generation. 
 Zionists maybe but the truths the truth..... 
 Damn you are a Crypto Zionist Antisemtic ecofacist child murder? Might have to unfollow sorry 
 NY Times has been <number> of most egregious, propaganda machine for WAR, seems forever. When Zionists took control US decades back, New York, was heart of Financial world, and controlling the narrative here, would be vitally important. A. Dulles, CIA was already editing, back in <number> 's. 
 My mother married out because of love. Her first marriage was a bad one. She believes she can love someone who is not Jewish and still keep her faith. Zionists would call her a traitor. But I am stunned at non Jews telling us about how it is. 
 This is The Aim of Government &amp; 
 Nothing in the image says these banksters in the image are jews or even zionists so I dont know where all the assumptions are coming from. 
 Odious people in the US govt aren’t the only source of hatred for the US. US’s long-term performance, aggression in Afghanistan, Iraq &amp; Syria, their blatantly saying they send troops to Syria for its oil &amp; their support for ISIS &amp; the Zionist regime have led to hatred for the US. 
 I’m not aware that he’s a Zionist in the truest sense of the word, is he? Far too soft, definitely, but...? 
 The question is, where are they getting their info. And they seem like a bunch of Zionist 
 hes a zionist jew, wake up people. He hates Christians. He is Israel first over everything. 
 Anti zionist? You have a political philosophy based on the eradication of a nation, never mind it's people. 
 This is true ! The Zionist jews own the factory’s this came out after a Rabbi was recorded on pod cast saying the truth behind their rituals it’s messed up ! Years ago in U.K. we changed over to British beef prob b coz they knew of this could not stop it ! It’s horrific in USA 
 The Biblical-Zionist brothers of the of Hate'sShepherd=trump believe in nothing. Only in the money. They look like starving beasts ready to harm the one who does not think like them. They are playing with the devil. Sooner or later it will twist their necks. 
 Problem now, just like in the USA, you only have <number> choices in the elections: <number> - Zionist Tory A, <number> - Zionist Tory B. So much for Democracy. 
 never in my life did i think i'd come across a portuguese zionist hotep account from MOZAMBIQUE but HERE we are 
 Saying the quiet part out loud again. This has NOTHING to do with Israel or Jews. The Rs are frauds. American Jews know it, and the Rs know it. And this liberal, [mostly] Zionist, Episcopalian knows it. Let him shoot his mouth off; we ALL know what he’s about. 
 For every ignorant who calls this man a zionist, a sectarian leader and accuse of him of not carring about the lebanese muslims... ً 
 Our Zionist leaders... 
 never underestimate a puppet of Zionists, look at Ghislane Maxwell 
 You are shameless, Angela. You took the zionist money and now you mouth words but will not act or fight for the people who voted for you. 
 She claimed to be an “unhinged Zionist” who claimed criticism of israel is anti-Semitic, got a job at NYT as part of a diversity hire, got people mad and resigned yesterday claiming the paper is unfair to conservatives. 
 Zionism is a thought, a concept. You either accept it or not and if you don’t like it zionists don’t care as Jews have faced enemies from outside and within so it’s something we are accustomed to. 
 He was woke about the zionists and globalists? 
 I am waiting for to follow suit. Normalizing with Zionist organizations should always be condemned. 
 Hate liberal Jews. Love Zionist jews. 
 JLP is a complete Zionist shill matey. That's one of the reasons he loves Trumpenstein. 
 Zionists have no humanity unless talking about themselves and the holocaust. 
 I think they took these people into slavery because they were mercenaries from Africa paid by Zionist to create problems in Libya. USA and Israel Have 1000s of mercenaries they pay around the world to kill and start trouble in countries to keep them unstable. I bet that is why. 
 Israel thinks they are using Christians. But I know you want all us Jews to convert or die a horrible death. So to me Christian Zionists are the most frightening antisemites 
 Murray Bookchin was a Zionist and defended ancaps and libertarians 
 So Trump is a promoter now. The Dems are vaccine conspiracy theorists. What do you think of this angle? He's got some heavy duty Zionists on board and now . He's getting close to locking it up is not he? What's the missing link? 
 Icke gets caught up. Spend more time thinking/experiencing, not being tied up on terms which confuse you. The West developed 'undemocratically' and still may be, other countries may seem undemocratic, but may be MORE approved of (via democratic means not accepted by Zionists) 
 Hey, it's the new Zionist Labour party now, better get used to it. 
 Israeli planes bomb Gaza for seventh straight night One day, the people of Palestine will be free and those zionists will be held accountable whether in this world but definitely in the hereafter for their actions. May Allah grant them shifa. 
 A sell out civilization that gets preyed on for worshiping the darkside of the illuminti cults and those that are killing that NWO zionist dark forces post the kills on the internet were sell out criminals get… 
 He does not care about the people of Iran or any other nation. He is a Zionist, neo-nazi warmonger. One of the most dangerous top terrorist just like many others in the US administration. 
 Arguing with communists actually makes me sympathize with Zionists. They are that clueless to the world around them. 
 Almost all the areas settled by the modern zionist movement after <number> were deadly swamp areas which were bought legally and were never used by Arabs clans who were also not owners. Example Um Juni, Wadi Hanin, Israel Valley, Merhavia, the whole see side areas and more. 
 Criticising Israeli state policies and actions is antisemitic? Not per se. Sometimes antisemitism is cloaked as criticism of Israel. Being an anti-Zionist is antisemitic? Not per se. Sometimes antisemitism is cloaked as anti-Zionism. It's important to understand how and when. 
 I think the intelligent would go for Chinese or Russian. The vile East European Zionists live in the past, <number> - <number> ago. 
 You keep supporting Zionist terror 
 Michigan imam eulogizes Soleimani for backing Syria against US, ‘Zionists’ via 
 Clumsy wording, there. I *think* you meant to say, "Also, being an anti-Zionist =/= being anti-Semitic," right? 
 Everyone just do what you can, listen to the government follow everybody like sheep, be brainwashed by all the Zionist, Jewish people who own all the banks, all the papers all the TV stations. Be brainwashed by them all. 
 Can you get me off the hook, for old time's sake, Tom. Can not do it Sally because of the Zionists 
 The Zionists will claim Arbuckles was an antisemitic outfit. 
 In your wee little mind, someone who opposes Zionism must support "terrorists who call for eradication of all Jews". Why? Do you believe that everyone has a terrorist group they support, like a sports team? I am anti-terrorist, period. That's why I am anti-Zionist. 
 The council shall decide zionist fate 
 When they say Zionists they mean Jews episode # <number> Imagine siding with Hitler to make a point. 
 Zionists and MSM redirecting surface-to-air missiles. The Mother of all media blitzes is about to begin. 
 Am waiting because I have the figures from <number> from a zionist website. How “empty” was it?! 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 Free the NOW Its been TOO LONG State agents give unchallenged evidence in Court is unheard-of, WRONG 
 I have <number> problems with Jews I have <number> problems with Zionists 
 But there is value in asking questions: what are these bodies - World Zionist Organisation, JNF, Jewish Agency? What is their source of legitimacy? Who do they represent? <number> / <number> 
 How is calling a political process in the US a Jew Coup anti-Zionist and not anti-Semitic? 
 She never apologized over her attacks on Jews.. oh, sorry.. she merely attacked ‘Zionists’. 
 Because their Christian Zionist overlords keep promising a shiny new Jesus and they don’t know which fertilized egg might be The One. So they want to hatch them all. 
 but zionist colonialism isn’t violent huh 
 if u buy on the down u are just giving money. Think about ppl the market has another <percent> to give we are in recession. the zionist have already sold up and waiting to take your hard earned. dont be fooled in little rebounds. we are not even <number> full month into the pandemic. wait !!! 
 crap BLOCKED 
 Why did Trump begin to care about Israel only after he'd decided to run for POTUS (the last time)? Trump never talked of Israel in years of books &amp; pontifications &amp; tabloid tales ~ not until he needed Zionist/Evangelical votes &amp; money. &amp; his is insane. 
 "Almost none of the "zionists" are born in Israel (untrue, actually <number> percent) and it's MY land!", said by 3rd generation "fugitive" who was born in <number> ... and has never set one foot in Israel. Neither did his father... 
 he wants the flag nonces to vote him he literally said it today we need to patriotic He can get to F*ck I am a Black female progressive anti establishment socialist I do not vote Sirs, Establishment figures, Pro Zionists and Racist patriots its a NO from me 
 I know, I just had a long Twitter conversation with an anti-Zionist. She may be Arab, I’m not sure, but she sure does miss the point. I’ve muted instead of blocking her because I kind of feel sorry for her; she’s so pitiful. 
 Bear with me, I am having one of my brain fog moments (again). Is not it true that not all Zionists are Jewish? There are Christian Jews? 
 You can not tell m pro-Israel views are welcome in Prog circles. Between the Squad, supporting and apologizing to Linda Sarsour, popularity of Bernie Sanders and even Biden anti-Israel campaign hires, Zionists are not welcome in the Dem Party. I certainly hope to be proven wrong. 
 You are a racist and tyrannical man who support an unjust Zionist entity and commit the most heinous crimes and violations against the oppressed Palestinian people. Shame on you and on your leader 
 To be fair, he’s correct, Zionism is the enemy of peace. Most of the extreme zionists in the world are not Jewish. 
 zionists are so fucking evil man 
 U.S. CONGRESSMAN’S, SENATORS, Chuck Schumer, Dianne Feinstein, Adam Schiff and Jerry Nadler has ISRAEL DUAL CITIZENSHIP…DUAL-LOYALTY(MOSSAD/ZIONIST)…TREASON…NEVER, NEVER, NEVER TRUST A DUAL-CITIZENS. 
 It is sad how ppl have turned on Sessions for following the law. You guys call yourselves MAGA supporters, but you are trashing a true America First candidate to boost up the RINO. The real MAGA movement has been hijacked by conservative inc. Israel first neocon zionist RINOs. 
 The complaints they give voice to are shot through with hypocrisy. They'd love the endorsements of the reactionary Zionists that publish Bari Weiss, who they consider respectable, but not the talk show host willing to speak to ppl like her? No, that's not it at all. 
 This podcast has people that go on it and say Hitler was part of a Zionist plot on behalf of the Jews so Tommy fits on it well 
 Why would you be a Zionist? Settler-colonialism is evil and apartheid states must be destroyed, period 
 Its pay back for this. White Christians followed the law of the LAND. Zionists did not like that. Therefore? This is all about hate that a JEW was not able to get away with a crime and punished by Gentiles. 
 After corona, another mutated corona, then environmental and natural disasters, and different splinters of Ottomans wrecking sporadic havoc across length and breath (of the globe) and breathing fume and fire on the Zionist and allies. Economic meltdown and political turmoil no? 
 Muslim Sunni @ Prophet Muhammad s.a.w. teaching was tolerant, considerate and compassion. There (Zionist Originated) Extremist Isis, Qaeda, Abu Sayyaf. There's infidels like 'Ahmadiyah, Syiah, etc'. It's base on where convert got their Islamic teaching &amp; inspiration 'Rebel'! 
 Zionists have no problem with ethnic and religious minorities living in Israel, and they experience full equal rights. We just want the right to live there too. 
 Many liar ex-Muslims (hidden Zionists and so-called Christians) pretend they were Muslim ,Most are liars and some are paid for that A Muslim becomes disobedient but not Kafir Fake Ex-Muslim Apologist Converted <number> Islam Exposed Ismaa'eel Abu Adam Exposed 
 That is my point. Do you agree that if I put up a map as I described above, that would be misleading propaganda? The same is true about map of the "zionist greediness". No one in Israel wants to conquer all the land in that map. No one. 
 I was refuting your claim that the King David Hotel was one of the last Zionist acts of terrorism during the Mandate 
 Americans do not deserve to die for zionists' wars. American troops need to help americans within america to make their own country better. 
 Was Linda Tripp working an an Israeli agent to further Zionist agenda, preventing weak <number> -state (non-solution)? 
 Discussion on the Burgonmeisters of Corbynberg never moves beyond calling Tories/'Blairites'?'Zionists' liars. If they did move on, you know what would hapen. They'd fall off the edge of the world. 
 By all means keep posting the negative comments about Zionists and the Labour Party. Because I am a Tory voter, and we need the whiff of anti-Semitism to hang around the Labour Party for as long as possible 
 Something realy have to happen with those Zionists gangsters! I wish the wave of change for the strong Palestinians is right on the corner. 
 I know that. The person I am responding to is making a comparison between Islam (Muslims) and Judaism (who OP is referring to as 'Zionist Jew'). They are the one who can not differentiate Zionism from Judaism. 
 You should NOT support the IHRA code which has been disavowed by its own author.Youre all fighting with each other to be the most Zionist .. you do realise you’re supporting a body that endorses the racial supremacist ideology and ethnic cleansing programme of Israel?For shame! 
 Behavior,Facial, Body Language same with other leaders I observed. I suspect he's a Zionist?? 
 You know, if a story is picked up by either Jpost, "World Jewish Congress" or " best believe it's nothing but Zionist propaganda and should at least be taken with a [huge] pinch of salt. 
 “i draw the line at an actor voting for trump but when my fave zionist is friends with the former prime minister (and known war criminal) of israel, it’s perfectly fine :)” 
 Bush, Zionist/Neo-con crew, Saudi Arabia/Mossad, CFR, Nick Rockefeller knew, illuminati council of <number> all in on it, Cheney was a part of the planning 
 Say no to the Romans and Zionists who crucified Yeshau(pbuh). 
 Arabs refused. Not zionists. Time to grab some history lessons. 
 Will never happen until folk see through this absolute and insidious Zionist bollox 
 Israel doesn’t need support from an ass kisser like trump. I preferred Obama and Kerry way - they were real friends who told Israel things the say it is - that it’s not cool to build in the West Bank. A real friend doesn’t let their friend do stupid things. &amp; I’m a Zionist. 
 The international community is not stupid the South of Yemen is ruled by Wahabi terrorists and Muslim brotherhood while the North of Yemen is fine. It's obvious a Houthis goverment would be better than a Saudi backed wahabi Zionist goverment. 
 Because it results in dead Jews? I think an Israeli can be frustrated with disporia jews who are a ok with their marginalization. I won’t call an anti Zionist jew a nazi, no, but what I will call them is in the same ball park. 
 holy cow that is my whole fucking point dude - he can be pro-israel and there’s literally nothing wrong about it - to call him a zionist without any factual proof is a whole different story and actually causes unnecessary tension. peace &amp; out 
 You live in Switzerland and believe Zionist war propaganda. Bye Namir. 
 Time to play who said this: Zionist or fascist! 
 no lol it’s the fact they are zionist that makes them ugly. 
 created the whole nightmare to bring in the . It’s a planned attack on the good people of the world. don’t know how to human. 
 Zionists are harassing everyone with fake marijuana to summon demons. 
 Unfortunately most just ignore &amp; continue on with their script - tho it's also the case with team in relation to &amp; 
 Right now! It's also due to a paralyzed and cowardly international community that grants impunity to the Zionists. 
 WHY is that your starting point? Zionism Collaborated with to *Colonise Palestine *Break the Jews Boycott to break Hitler when very vulnerable yet Nazis Jews lost Zionists won Palestine yet share responsibility for deaths " <number> anti-Nazi boycott" 
 That’s one of my biggest issues with Trump. The proverbial dick-sucking of the Zionist. I do like that he seems to be trying to leave that GOD awful sandbox that is the Middle East! 
 he Zionist regime of Israel has it's fingerprints all over ISIS!From supporting terrorists with medical treatment, to supplying them with money, intelligence and weapons...So why does the US accuse Iran of supporting terrorism? 
 The Zionist army has just shot two Palestinians and instantly murdered one of them to the east of Ramallah in the West Bank. May Allah mercy his soul. 
 Such r the worshipers of Satan that having a degree from a leading university does not impacts their thinking. This is the case with all hinduvta and Zionists zealots. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : Governor Whitmer wants the people of Michigan to shut up and do as they’re told the same way the obedient servants did for… 
 Now imagine this is ALL OF YOU 
 Exactly but did I say I was anti Semitic or was I talking about the Zionists? I mean anyone with a heart would be anti Zionism but that’s besides the point. 
 which part says they will destroy Israel mate? where do they specifically call for the destruction of israel within that charter? maybe they just want to purge israel of zionists and leave it all to the non zionist jews 
 (Not Zionists obviously) The treatment Jewish people get on here is very sus. Feels like they are being left out when it comes to people waking up and criticising discrimination 
 also being anti-zionist isn’t being anti semitic . most right wingers especially in the US support israel because they want to “defend christianity’s homeland”. 
 You'd know that Kippot Srugot and Zionists are not interchangeable if you were informed on the subject 
 Tomorrow: “not being a zionist is gaslighting” 
 This thread started over an "anti Zionist" act that epitomizes the hijacking, remember. That you can not tell the difference between evil and good is manifest in your reaction to my comments. 
 Why in hell am I following a warmonger Zionist nf ? wtf... Bloccccccckkkkk. 
 Boycott UAE. Brothers indeed . UAE has never been with Muslims. The UAE is always a Zionist servant and servant. Cowardly Zionist dog UAE. Enemy of Islam and Muslims UAE. 
 Salman is a zionist (sayanim) in disguize, doing exactly what his zionist masters tell him to do! 
 We do anti-Zionist work, which is grueling and often strains our connections to family and community. We turn around to our leftist communities expecting solidarity and are asked for receipts. I am just tired. 
 Howard schulz is a zionist but the company doesnt send money to israel like a lot of people say.. its all just PR 
 is the ultimate "performative Zionist." He is all performance, all show, show faux outrage. 
 Was he really a Zionist or did he just believe in self-determination for all of humanity. If it is the latter I can totally understand my the red fascists are beefing. 
 They all are Zionist assets. thats it. 
 Me? I am Zionist Jew, half Ashkenazi, half Sephardi. 
 U speak with in this thread &amp; who among them appointed U to tell them they`re not ? And who gave U the authority to tell me that I am one when are so clearly contemporary &amp; the souls of ? I`m simply a &amp; you`re unwise &amp; dark- 
 Shame on the evil Zionist! 
 Jealousy of Judaism gives many Blacks and Muslims artificial feelings of anti-Zionist privilege. Jews whine WHILE they work, Jew-haters merely whine. 
 Zionist terrorist spreading falsehoods. 
 She doesn’t have a lot of those things because she doesn’t have broad popular support, she’d be doing better if sanders didn’t run, there’s a better candidate in her progressive anti interventionist lane. You just like to ignore all her corny Zionist blue lives matter bullshit 
 's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more. 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 Tommy R is a Zionist. He say only "Islam Islam Islam!!!" and just <percent> of the muslims want our dead. 
 Zionist is another favourite As though it’s an insult 
 MIC? I agree US MSM has a zionist bias. 
 'THE LORD Reveals, The God of Abraham Isaac and Jacob' "ZION IS SAMOA NOT ISRAEL, AND KING DAVID IS A SAMOAN OR ZIONIST NOT A JEW. Listen, I have already raised up The Messiah in SAMOA. I will Reveal Him very very soon." The Prophet From Zion 
 yeah fuck off we do not want you back either ways u zionist piece of trash 
 We’re all going to die because of these Zionist aren’t we 
 What does trust have to do with you posting the source of your lie? 
 Stop wasting your time, you Zionist shill. Again: IT´S OVER! You can´t win. Long live Assad and glory to secular Syria! Meanwhile, a shekel for a good g0y. 
 Hes not worth it. the root of the anti zionist movements is anti semitism. Thats fact. 
 This what happens when you release a bio-weapon and piss China, Russia off. Russia only needs <money> - <number> per barrel for the next ten years but Saudi needs <money> to break even. What happens to derivatives and futures? The evil Anglo-Zionists did this to themselves. China will retaliate 
 Oh yes! And when they replace the TV remote next time they will say the Zionists and CIA hid it 
 You include in your block the yrs that Germany allowed Jews to leave and worked with zionists in what's now is Israel? Or perhaps the ship that FDR refused to allow to disembark in, was it NY? 
 Got it, anything you do not like = Zionist. You really boil it down simply do not you? Not really sure why you are not just saying outright that you are a fascist white supremacists. You have the tattoos, flags, and merit badges? 
 HA! I remember people linking me this fascist blog years ago. Basically the Zionist equivalent of Global Research or M**n of Alabama. 
 No, followers of Islam are Muslims. Politically motivated Muslims who use the religion to further their agenda, are Islamists. Not all Muslims are Islamists just as not all Jews are Zionists. 
 So only <number> - <percent> of Jews (who are Zionists) are Nazis? 
 The illegitimate Zionist Israeli regime built on the occupied Palestime by the support of the US-European Zionist-supremacists colonialism must at first learn <percent> common sense to end murdering of the defenseless Palestinians in the Gaza concentration camp. 
 We know that and are -funded -- but so are you! Get lost! 
 zayn got more hate for refusing to sign a fan’s israel flag than harry ever did for being an actual zionist 
 Zionist Zealots are sub-human creatures, they engage in, 'Crimes Against Humanity', <date> ! Down with Zionism! Peace! Salam! Shalom! 
 ZIONIST FATASS DEMOND LEAVE THE PALESTINIANS ALONE GO BACK TO EUROPE GET THE HELL OUT OF JERUSALEM 
 This !...please read... My life’s work as an anti-racist and anti-Zionist activist makes me an antisemite according to Labour – Mondoweiss 
 Not to mention the fact that Zionist Israel murders Palestinians every damn day. 
 Just as racist as the salafi-zionists. Worse in fact as they have the audacity to NOW claim democracy and revolution are part of the ahlubayt(as). 
 It is racist immoral state that Zionist founded by killing and displacing the Palestinians 
 I support what the vast majority of Palestinian &amp; Israeli Arabs from the river to the sea prefer over anything else - a Zionist <number> state solution, including a Jewish one, with limited RoR. You want only what Hamas &amp; Jihadis want. 
 Maybe because the line which differentiate between men and women in Western Civilization is very thin. That's a natural result in every Zionist controlled society. 
 what does zionist mean bro 
 <number> ) I do not care about who suffers from racism apart from my people, hope you leave for mexico <number> ) ofc you like Trump, he's a Zionist <number> ) I might be dumb, but academic research into the holocaust is illegal and severely punished in <number> nations. Sketchy. 
 why do we feel the need to hate on someone based on their beliefs? even if they are zionists why does that define them so much to the point where you dislike them? you hate that harry associates himself to them? you don’t know them, he does. 
 Just looked at the article author’s twitter feed and the main theme is liberal Zionist apologie. Good. Riddance. 
 Did you name the time and place of the first unprovoked Zionist attack yet? 
 I loathe racist, genocidal zionists lying about Palestinians or any other people of colour. 
 Like why did they put the zionist and the least memorable man alive in the same movie... 
 Yeah, the guy who started all the lies tonight was called Weiss - Zionist by name and Zionist by nature.. 
 Hating on Israel will not get you kicked from social media the way hating on Jews directly will. This is why many refer to us as Zionists, Israelis, Mossad rather than referring as Jews anymore... because they know it's a bannable offence. 
 Well his avatar is Charles Lindburg...not exactly a Zionist 
 Zionist Israel has set the pace of Judaism by acting like NAZI's towards the Palestinian Nation Fryberg ! 
 Shas is a member of the World Zionist Organization. 
 By the definitions of zionists, I’m not considered a Progressive Zionist (depending on who you ask that’s either J street on the far left or just standard center-left, eg Dem Maj <number> Israel). On just the Zionist spectrum, I’m extreme right wing (pro settler, right of Bibi, etc). 
 Their own Zionist media has enough of their government barbarity 
 But do not despair, we do not have a PM who pointed out that a couple of bampot Zionists (I think one of them went on to get a criminal record for harassing Palestinian activists?) did not have the sense of "English Irony" that a Palestinian Diplomat had. Close shave that eh? 
 'All Zionist roads lead to Genocide' 
 - Serve Zionist bankers policy. - Serve a terrorist state (Israel). - Think WW2 was justified. - Think Churchill was a great guy. - Hate “Civvies” with a passion. Confidence is codeword for arrogance in the British Army. It probably will last a lifetime. 
 Who gave them the Intel? The Zionists who pull Erdogan's strings. 
 I did not know I thought I was kidding ooppssy got that wrong at least about CongressWoman Tlaib. Odd since she hates Jewish Israelis &amp; Jewish Zionists like me. 
 as well as being anti-zionist, i believe he is also antisemitic. read my other replies to people for full explanation x 
 Everyone who puts ketchup on pizza is a traitor and a US lackey, there are no exceptions. Every single one of them is a Zionist normalizer, a Trump/Pompeo bootlicker, an ISIS lover and a Bin Salman worshipper. Every single one, there are no exceptions. 
 what zionists have to do with jews stfu 
 she’s a massive zionist :/ 
 You’re from the Middle East, yet you defend a man that voted for the Iraq War, that helped destroy Libya, and that shamelessly supports illegal Zionist settlements. I guess going against your own self-interests isn’t just limited to Western Boomers. Neat. 
 Trump is a hardcore Zionist. His own daughter converted to Judaism, his top campaign donors are Jewish. He's prayed at the wailing wall, he bends over backwards to satisfy Israel..do not get me wrong, he's a bad president, but comparing him to Hitler makes no sense. 
 "...a manufactured conflict, the outcome of a <number> -year-old colonial occupation by Zionists and later Israel, backed by the British, the United States and other major imperial powers." 
 What joke? Can we hold a conversation on this topic. Why did you say you were exhausted after <number> min... I don’t get it. Were people hassling you about Judaism? About being a Jew? A Zionist? Were you being targeted by Islamists? What were you defending that made you exhausted? 
 Brother Nathanial here is a Jewish man who converted to Christianity &amp; has a podcast exposing the Zionists. 
 Corbyn was a victiim of zionist hasbara, about which they gloated! Furthermore, he had more backstabbers than Julius Caesar. He is the most honest man in the Palace of Westminster. Tom Watson’s letter to UK Jewry was beyond sychophancy. He’d bought a new yamulka and tallit. 
 Jews are not the only zionists on this earth though. Evangelical Christians are zionists as are Wahhabi Muslims. All of which support the of . Js 
 This started last week with me explaining why I do not call myself a Zionist. Is it OK that I do not want to be called a zionist? I see no value and no benefit and it lumps me with the worst kind of people. 
 Ammended: THE TERROR STATE NUMBER ONE that gets fueled in money and resources by other countries with their strategies 
 when people finally realize that being Jewish and being a Zionist are two different things .... 
 ...because 'they' are Zionists or their Shabis Goy lackies, and they are pushing thru their Kalergi plan to exterminate the White Race 
 If you have to bulldoze people's homes, burn their trees, take their property, you are a thief. If you kill them in the process, you are a thief and a murderer This is what Zionists are doing to the indigenous people of Palestine (Muslim &amp; Christian) You are defending this evil 
 Is there a problem with having a pro Zionist presence on campus? Or is only one single minded narrative allowed? 
 Grenell is a zionist sodomite Lmao. 
 Bro the fact I exist in Portugal shows that Portuguese racial purity does not exist lol. "celts" my arse The Spanish zionist who is blisfully unaware that it was Spain who kicked out Sephardic jews out of Spain and Portugal where they left to Holland 
 In recent years, in Israeli politics, the hard right tries to claim Zionism mostly to itself &amp; tries to brand anyone who does not support occupation, settlements &amp; Israel's foreign policy as "anti-Zionist" and "a traitor" - but it does not mean that we need to let them. 
 If you disagree w/ certain political leaders and specific polities, call the leaders out and speak out against the policies. But when you call yourself an “anti-Zionist” and play into the “good Jew va bad Jew” trope, you only hurt yourself &amp; the community. 
 yet another Zionist hating on Nick 
 So ur a Zionist? 
 Definitely not happy. One last question, do you think it's OK to call Jewish Zionists, Nazis. 
 Go Green!!! Not voting for zionists! 
 The GOP's other prominent Zionist was the notorious isolationist Hamilton Fish-who, like Lodge, was also pro civil rights. 
 Zionists have everything to do with telecommunication. 
 Sir Keir is alarmed that the Chinese Government does not just do what it's told by the ruling elite in Washington DC, like other respectable governments. He finds that deeply disturbing. He's appears to be the creepiest Zionist slimeball to hold the Labour leadership since Blair. 
 Zionist dad 
 So you saying by me calling myself a Zionist I condone all of tht? Does tht mean a Palestinian condones the murder of Jews n daily bombings by Hamas? 
 Really? In Shaa Allah the worse PUNISHMENT and Torment for you Zionist/DOGS 
 Opinion: Zionists Have Long Opposed American Racism 
 He endlessly praised those extremists, and stood in solidarity with them—he made this quite clear, especially when he laid that wreath. And as for the “talking” angle—when did he ever talk to right-wing Zionists and settler extremists? 
 And because in their bio they state they literally live in Israel and actively support the Israeli regime having an Israeli flag in their bio. As an American i do not actively support America when i recognize it should be decolonized. They are evidently Zionist. 
 Sister, It’s not the time to play blame game. Patriots must put pressure on everyone who got authority esp IK to give jaw breaking response to Hinduata Zionists. With all being said, Army is fully prepared, motivated...its nation &amp; govt who have indulge themselves in laziness. 
 There were no blood in Palestine in history As soon as ur occupied palistine It becomea bloodshedin every inches ThankS to the Zionist Israhelllll 
 The point I am making is that someone like Yael Kushner (formerly Ivanka Trump prior to coversion to Judaism) would be thought to become a Chosen Person of God through denial of Jesus. It's an odd contradiction. I would like the Zionist perspective on it. 
 Oohw how I wish for the demise of the zionist make believe country! 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : I just wanna let democrats know that they are the reason why I am a Trump supporter. All their tantrums and panic over Tru… 
 Not every arab is a muslim and not every jew is a zionist use the right terms 
 Of course they would now because that’s the whole point of the Zionist project. I’m Zionist terminology it’s called “negation of the diaspora” 
 There are many Jews, inside and outside Israel, who consider themselves anti-Zionists. This definition would label these Jews as anti-semites. As, indeed, many have been. That, or the usual 'self-hating' epithet. 
 Completely agree, it was backed by a Zionist movement from the start, but what MLK said is more out of empathy for the Jews that now exist there that had no part in that, as far as I am aware. Can not treat a singular Twitter vid so seriously, but maybe I am wrong 
 Your right, and much of the reason we know so much about the disgusting Sabatians, the Holocaust hoax and the insidious Zionists is because of other proud Israeli Jews who have openly tried exposing much of this, including the Israeli governments purposeful abuse of Palestinians 
 Now ask your self is it true? Or these Anti virus Muslims infected most of leading good reporters of India. Pease check out by your self. You emaige how lie effected to good people opinions. It is Islam phobia virus spread after <number> by Zionist media 
 When do you talk about anti Palestinian violence perpetrated by Zionist settlers with the tacit support of occupying IOF goons? Oh never that’s right. 
 Well said Aaron. I'd love to know how is supposed to be interfering with Is saying is associated with &amp; acting under instruction from the interfering in ??? Surely we all know there is no such thing as a 
 Schumer is a zionist... There is no debating that 
 From looking through your timeline, would it be fair to say you are on Labour's right wing ? Your most recent retweet includes someone who supports Starmer, has worked as a consultant to the Defence industry and calls himself a zionist. 
 ZIONISTS THIS POST IS NOT FOR YOU Israel be doin some wack shit low key 
 Refugees from the Zionist left: How the Jewish vote for Arab party spiked in Israel's election - Israel Election <number> - 
 Um... you’re dull, eh? Zionism is the Jewish civil rights movement. If you’re anti-Zionist, you believe Jews deserve fewer rights than people of other religions on this earth; you‘re saying that the Jews are the only religious minority on earth that doesn’t deserve a safe haven. 
 DRAGONS OF EDEN by Carl Sagan discusses this as well. Turns out he was diagnosed as paranoid because he thought Zionists were trying to kill him. A decade later, truth comes out that they were. Sagan asks "Was he still paranoid in the interim?" Beautiful question. 
 Personally, I love being labeled a racist because I am a Zionist. 
 i think she was recently exposed as a zionist :/ 
 and how that, and the railroading of patriot General Michael Flynn over his favor to Kushner and the zionists, shows who really interfered and controls U.S. politics. We also address the latest activation of U.S. military reservists to invade Venezuela 
 At this point I’m starting to question my own beliefs in regards to segregation if both sides are embracing it. 
 No, it's like claiming Black Power liberation movements are racist. There are certainly racist factions of those movements (e.g. NOI in the Black Power movement, or Kach in the Zionist movement) but that does not make the movement as a whole a racist one. 
 I believe might be what you are looking for, led by and unashamedly socialist and anti-zionist. 
 Has the PA Mufti actually read the Holy Qur'an? Turns out that Allah is a Zionist and assigned Israel to the Jews until the day of Judgement. 
 Sing? About what will zionist sing? Love? Unkown for those who murder innocent humans (even children) Injustice? The murderd justice in <number> God? They betrayed him from the beginning Trust? See the Bible, Quran and there crimes. 2things left $ and hate (racism) 
 You ignorance is astonishing. <number> ) most Jews are Zionist <number> ) those who aren’t haven’t read our texts <number> ) holy of holies is the north east end of har habayit, al aqsa will not be affected <number> ) we know the exact measurement of a cubit (amah) as this is explained in maskhet keilim 
 "Israel protects us from the Muslim hoards." Even the 'secular' Zionists believe this. 
 The truth about Israel, Zionists &amp; the Khazarian Rothschild banking dynasty via 
 Few of the conservative pundits who take these positions actually believe in them. Pandering to the powerful forces behind the coopting of conservatism by gay activists and zionists is simply a means by which to enrich themselves. 
 Zionists do'nt even deserve to talk to, but, as a word of advise, if you are living in occupied lands in any case, learn how to swim perfectly. Because there is no safe land when 's soldiers encircle you inside your pitiful walls! 
 Zionists are neo nazis so.. Just saying. 
 are any zionists hungry? 
 Did you read my tweet? Again, Einstein had a complicated relationship w/Israel. Not a gung ho Zionist but not a naysayer, as you imply, either. That is why he was <number> of the founders of Hebrew U. &amp; left the school many of his possessions. Do not reduce everything to black &amp; white. 
 Liberty and Justice for ALL means liberty and justice for all...!!!...all means all...all includes men, women, children, all races, all religions, Zionists and non-Zionists, all ethnicities — on and on EŸE could… 
 I mean I think Zionism evil. I don’t know if I even know any Zionist Jewish people. Every Jewish person I know I am friends w is pro Palestine. Most of my friends are young and progressive left 
 It is not by having friends that we know a whole people so no you do not know us. What do I care about the Zionist foreign policy of Morocco? 
 Zionists are trying to show Imam Mahdi as anti Christ, not just that tv show many other Hollywood movies! The tv show is very direct It happens in Syria, Palestine... They are using our narrations about Imam Mahdi, to build the character of Dajal 
 Inside job by Zionists probably... 
 Well there is a lot of evidence stating that he is Pro-Israel and that he is a Zionist. He hasn’t apologized for it and there is also pictures of him wearing a Headdress in <number> which he also hasn’t apologized for. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : Watch "VATICAN RATLINES" and study the Reich Concordat or how Hitler was himself trained by Jesuits. 
 "Iranian Jewish Community Rabbi Judah Grammy in Hebrew for state television in Israel on the day of Al-Quds Friday: "The Zionists, headed by Netanyahu, know that you do not represent the Jewish people." 
 The anti-Semitic blood libel is alive and well amongst anti-Zionist activists. PS: I do not think she understands "Ashkenazi" either. 
 Jack Dorsey is just some lazy dipshit. Zionists want him replaced with someone who will jump when they say jump, not after six months of them having to whine and beg for it. 
 Palestinian Priest: We handed over the keys to the Faithful second Caliph, Omar ibn al-Khattab. Now you the Arab ''Rulers'' want to hand over and to the Zionist!? This is a religious, patriotic and humanitarian betrayal. 
 don’t forget about the locals that add BLM to their bio and still be Zionists 
 This is a DNI banner for TERFS, Truscum, racists, sexists, ableists, homophobes, transphobes, zionists and genocide deniers (holocaust, holodomor and the current Uyghur situation) the fact that I have to make this gives me """""anti""""" faith in humanity as I already had none. 
 Bozo will have bigger problems when he will have to inject himself with Zionist invented vaccines or Hindutva manufactured generics drugs . 
 The Bolsheviks weren’t Zionists. They were atheists. 
 We have two groups the Anglo-Zionists (AZ) and the Globo-Bolsheviks (GB). The GB use climate change to get rid of fossil fuels and destroy the AZ petrodollar. The AZ are also evil with constant oil wars and crony capitalism. Both want a technocracy to rule over you. 
 Being programmed makes one feel like they’re in a simulation due to being stuck in a continuous loop or being stuck in a pattern, it was designed this way by Zionist / Khabbalist / jesuits... to be spiritually enlightened is to be free from the simulation 
 <number> . Kenyatta's reshuffling of his Government signals a possible overturning by dissidents. Kenyatta is placing the most ruthless and fanatical Zionists to key points of his Government APPARATUS. E.g. cold-blooded Raychelle Omamo is mobilised accordingly to infiltrate countries. 
 Yes but never blame the Zionist Terrorist militias or Israeli policies. It’s all Palestinians 
 they were infiltrated. and used and humiliated by zion. I do not expect you to believe that , but that is my gut feeling. Hitler ruined Germany and gave the zionists everything they could ever dream of 
 Why not just title it: Come for the Zionist Conspiracy, Stay for the Antisemitism!" 
 Swiss Nazi Immigration Service And the judges of Switzerland and the Mossad And the communities of Swiss Jews and the Israeli embassy in Bern They practice Nazi and Zionist chauvinism against Palestine These bastards They prevent my Algerian wife from entering Switzerland.. 
 You are correct but you are only telling half the story. The other side (Anglo-Zionists) also have a game plan. They are both playing us (Hegelian Dialectic) one side cannot exist without the other. The Ying and Yang of evil. 
 Union Jack &amp; Israeli Flag. Jesus wept. Hope you don’t wear a poppy after what Zionists did to the British WHILE the British were assisting Russia/US/Canada against the Nazis. 
 Fauda was made to jeoperdise Palestine. But its actually showing the teal face of zionists. In all the seasons, they kill innocents, innocent's families. They crush their houses, weddings, childs. Fauda actually jeoperdises israel if you look at it from this point. 
 Excellent. Throw tgw ucing on his date of several million paid out on sexual abuse charges and you have the perfect movie star. All of these contrived partys are meaningless. People let scum criminals rule them Stockholm Syndrome. Never did I buy any of this theater. Zionists 
 Hi the world citizens! I still think that the Ukrainien plane crash was made by somehow some one of US' terrorists zionists..!? it was more than <number> Iranians were died and other foreigners..!? to sum up, US' terrorists zionists are known by... 
 You seem to have missed the minor point that is a Zionist who supports Zionism "without question". Ergo, will become a place were not only the 'fake' AS issue will be uprooted, but anti-Zionism is likely not to be tolerated either? 
 Zionists are going to see this and somehow find a way to not call it apartheid 
 May Gods curse and wrath fall on these baby killing cowardly zionist bastards 
 But the so called Jews (Zionists) that he speaks of are Luciferian. 
 Pelosi’s puffery is too powerful. That’s part of the trap. Until people realize that she’s not on our side, too many will be hyponotized into inaction. People get angry if you say “Pelosi is a zionist, so was daddy and she isn’t going to actually go after Adelson’s President“ 
 Its Palestine occupied by criminal zionists. 
 Charedi Jews certainly do not. I think a large section of the Orthodox community (forgotten which sects) do not because they believe that they disobeyed G-d and do not have a right to the land of Palestine so they certainly do not back BoD who want to protect Zionist interests. 
 I have left anyway ...but it would highlight to the country the interference and influence Apartheid supporting Zionists have in our political system ...it could back fire 
 You forgot to sign your message : from your Zionist who "supports Zionism without qualification", did not you? 
 Not that fucking zionist 
 liam payne might be dumb as a box of rocks and probably a zionist idk but he's got abs for days and a HUGE dick and a kind heart so i think those other things are canceled out 
 You are just as evil and murderous as Zionists. Palestinians lived in peace for millennia, until the filth and evil of Zionism entered their land. Palmach, Irgun and Lehi, among others, supported by the West ,introduced terrorism to this land of peace. Go read. 
 Anti-Zionists trying to explain what Zionism means to those who live its ideals. Let’s ask a klansman to tell us about the Civil Rights movement 
 Even when I was <number> at a Zionist yeshivah, we did not have "real life simulations" of terrorist shootings even though they were a very real and present danger. What we did have was a designated armed first response team and close contact with the army. 
 I often don’t feel connected to my Jewish heritage (American Reform Judaism feeling like more of a Zionist gateway drug than a religion will do that) but someone burning down a Jewish cultural center at my university makes me feel fucking broken 
 Show me that museum. Zionists make them presidents 
 Richard Burgon: “The enemy of the Palestinian people are Zionists”. This man is part of Labour’s problem, he’s not part the solution. 
 I would not call him a Zionist, but he was certainly parroting some super questionable positions on Israel a long time ago. 
 What's the surprise as the US government is totally controlled by Zionist Aipac money and Mossad $$$ 
 Ahh. You may mistake me a bit. I am what now seems to be something very “weird” in <number> . A decidedly and admittedly biased person who prefers clear accurate analysis to propaganda My politics don’t map well in a US sense. (Nordic economic preferences + extreme Religious Zionist) 
 Great idea, then Bernie can ask Bloomberg about his teenager murdering, zionist, neo-fascists friends ... 
 The East European Zionists athiests break all UN laws. The report of UN Human rights has charged Israel with the massive killings of ! A East European Zionist asked me sarcastically if the police was coming! You lot have the audacity to point your finger at others! 
 America went to war with Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, Lebanon, Syria, &amp; Iran just to please Israel. It will continue to war with these nations til the Zionists get their Oded Yinon. 
 What I am finding fascinating is that whenever Palestinian Human Rights activists come across real anti Semitism, they are calling it out and then chastising the person. When the NZ zionist crowd come across an Islamaphobic tweet, they are defending it to the hilt! Shameless! 
 It’s almost as if their Zionist Overlords want Trump to win a second term. Because they’re are doing everything in their power to get people to vote Trump to a 2nd term. 
 “Zionism is the belief that the Jewish people deserve to have a homeland.” You missed the rest of the quote. “And the goy have to give up theirs so the Zionists can have it. 
 Making Progressives The Enemy "The truth of the matter is that the Zionists are hell-bent on moving the world backwards... when efforts to institutionalize standards of human and civil rights were seen as impingements on sovereignty..." 
 jewish extremists that believe israel is a state so they take the land of palestine and claim it by killing innocent muslims and bombing palestine <number> / <number> and many governments support shitty zionists 
 I empathize with people who feel Bernie concedes too much to Israel, and doesn’t go far enough in supporting Palestinian freedom. And I agree. But when you’re selectively pulling quotes to make him sound like a hardcore Zionist, that helps no one but his opponents. 
 Thatyhis point, but anti-Zionists will always deny it. 
 ...Jennifer Lopez not too old to dress up at a superbowl show she probably would not have ever landed (or brought back into the spotlight), if not for after performing for the Zionist apartheid state to bring Shakira to the normalizing platform (full Arabs sell out to, as well)... 
 Soon they will say those coins are belong to them I know I am Laughing but in reality it is sad 
 Zionist/racist 
 Some useful info here: 
 In understanding crime investigation, 1st &amp; foremost, u learn a crime scene, preserve it from being tampered, is most important thing, it solving any crime. So, why did Giuliani &amp; other Zionists, allow for removal of steel &amp; other evidence? Bc, they Never wanted us to know TRUTH. 
 zionists and zionism wherever they fester. 
 It most definitely is. You never see anti-Zionists calling for the destruction of any Islamic countries. They only call for the destruction of the only Jewish one. 
 I’m a Zionist and pro palestine. That means I support the right to SELF DETERMINATION BY BOTH PEOPLE. a two state solution!!!!! 
 After one week, we are still shocked! How would you feel, if you were a Palestinian?! You have been forced out from your motherland by Zionists who claim they were living there <number> years earlier, and now, a kid,, would tell you to either accept this intrusion or shut up! 
 We should all take an example from where "enemies" the orthodox and s come together through the plague. 
 Just a clarification, Nazi invasion of Palestine refers to Zionists, not Germans. Invasion of Palestine started with imperialist/fascist British who immediately facilitated the Zionist invasion that proved far worse than Nazis. Today the so called "IDF" is group of Nazi wannabes. 
 Does the Gadfather think that light colored headscarves are more liberating than dark colored headscarves to wear to the anti-Zionist protest? 
 I wish i will live long enough to witness the fall of the zionist entity، This made me physically sick .. 
 by the way you! graffiti IS NOT at act pf social justice. quite hoisting petards and confusing essential issues. you are only harming jews. zionism is bad for jews. always has been and the real jews always knew this themselves. anti-semities have been used by zionists. 
 yeah that's what it literally says in the wikipedia definition, this is all bc i asked her if xyz was zionist and she was like "that's anti-semitic you do not know what zionism means you can be zionist and be against what israel is doing to palestine" No 
 Zionists pick&amp;choose dates to suit their own agenda - Antisemitism originated/propelled by Europe - Herzl's answer was in <number> to take over Palestine - Innocent Palestinians, 1000s of miles away, started paying the price 
 Holy crap. This was just a joke. Also I don’t believe he’s a Zionist, or somehow terrible. 
 I wd love to support U for Labour Leader. BUT I’m dismayed to discover U were once the Vice Chair of Labour Friends of Israel! I &amp; many others will NOT vote for U if you’re still in this anti-Corbyn right wing Zionist institution. Pls reassure us you’ve left it? 
 They are scapegoats. Proctor &amp; Gamble, Bezos, Marc Benioff, Marxists,Leninists,Neocons, Zionists &amp; all of the following people are benefiting: 
 not upset with people who do not think i am zionist enough, just v confused. i made aliyah on my own at <number> , did sherut leumi, am majoring in jewish &amp; israel studies at tel aviv, and want to devote my life to fixing our education system. why does not that count? 
 In practice the Zionist Movement would resort, after Herzl's death, to the method he opposed - "a gradual infiltration of Jews". 
 he was being sarcastic and i have reported your tweet for targeting hate at jews. 
 Where’s the same fire for prosecuting the White Jewish &amp; Gentile Zionist Nazis who committed genocide to colonize America, ancestrally chattel enslave, now incarcerate &amp; systemically disenfranchise Autochthonous Black Americans? are OWED &amp; works! 
 I am sure you know the difference between antisemetism and antizionism, and this article is certainly not antisemitic. Zionism is a danger and a menace to the free world, and Zionists need people like you to propagate their dangerous and satanic plans.... 
 Rumour is as hes a Muslim Zionist 
 Proud Zionist. I was born here, same as <percent> of my friends. This is our homeland and all of you guys just want to kill us. So I’ll tell you that 
 SPOT THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN ZIONISTS, ISRAEL, JEWS: 
 Anyone anywhere still don’t think another non zionist country is under attack? - It took zionism a century of war &amp; mass sacrifice of <number> ’s of millions of people (who cares who) to recreate their empire of herod’s horrors. For such people death &amp; destruction is life. Too sad 
 Anti-Zionist is even less of one. At least someone who is pro-White possesses the basic foundation that we all must have to move our racial interests foreword. "Whiteness was never monolithic": No, but our common pro-White commitment should be. I agree on hearing each other out. 
 There were <number> Extreme Deep State Zionist Dumbo's, CIA types, Peetie being one &amp; now is passing the relay baton over to the other one, "CornPop's" buddie, Joe. Neoliberal DNC wanted to wait to see how Joe did in S.Carolina b4 passing the baton. Strategy has been in place, long time 
 Not Jewish, but definitely Apartheid supporting zionist. 
 Israel cannot be allowed to expand to any part of Block <number> which is fully part of Lebanon. Especially that the zionist and marxist created israel just <number> . Israel has threatened Lebanon for many months. 
 to learn who really rules, find out who u cant criticise. 'Facebook says it has permanently banned French comedian Dieudonne' for criticising zionists and israel 
 who is the Zionist? 
 yes saddly... its the same in Iran were people are opressed in Iraq are people opressed by Iran, Saudi Arabia. And sometimes I belive its just because Palestinians... And the world gives them everything. My gov. donated a few days ago <number> million€. And even here some people... 
 What does that list have to do with the MILLIONAIRE PRO ISRAHELL PAID MIDIA ?? YOU PRETEND YOU DONT KNOW THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN REAL JEWS AND ZIONISTS CRIMINALS... YOU DO VERY WELL KNOW WHAT YOU STAND FOR, BE A MAN !! ASSUME YOU SUPPORT ISRAHELLIS CRIMES 
 And no, I’m not referring to the Hebron massacre because I know you’ll claim that wasn’t antisemitic but rather anti-Zionist... I’m referring to events like the Safed pogrom in <number> ... Way before Theodore Herzl was even born!!! 
 , are implicated in the <number> ATTACKS by , NEOCONS, patsies, useful idiots, fools, and TRAITORS! 
 he’s a Zionist 
 ALL such criminals starting in the 40s...many of the worst criminal commies from germany were welcomed in to the US, later their cronies/extended family/other zionist/atheist commie criminals evicted from USSR slithered in...they run US politics, big pharma,other toxin industries 
 Lets say that since <number> , when egregious Zionist Fed was created, the US dollar has decreased in value, <percent> , progressively worse, each year. Both "D's &amp; "R's" are equally complicit in this crime against working class &amp; POC. Too many crimes to list, but both owned by Zionism 
 One Great Reason to Vote for the Hatikvah Slate: Funding for Progressive Zionist Youth Movements - Jewschool 
 Muslim chauvinists weaponizing Islamophobia to dismiss legitimate criticism of an Islamist leader like Erdogan who openly aids ISIS sound as fucking ridiculous as Zionists weaponizing antisemitism to dismiss criticism of Israel... stop being apologists for terrorism &amp; genocide. 
 By the way and this is how the Zionist treat the Jew and Gypsy migrants in Palestine 
 Genocide that has been committed. A massive humanitarian crisis completely ignored by the so called world organisations of justice. How somehow all media institutions &amp; governments never dared to condemn the zionists that constantly pillaged ,kidnappped and bullied a whole people 
 Anti-Zionist US Student Group Honors Female Palestinian Terrorists to Celebrate International Women’s Day 
 Not surprising from a Zionist mouth piece &gt; 
 Many of the accounts I liked stated that it was all an accident. That it was a bird. Guess the Zionist bought everyone. In the US, Lebanon, Iraq, Syria, everywhere. Boys like ‘em sheckels! 
 He is a self confessed Zionist. That is the exact diametrical opposite. I have wasted too many words on you. Goodbye. 
 Victims of Zionism KNOW that Zionists are PRETEND Jews 
 She meant we are "globalist" Britain. Do not forget she was sacked for treachery. She is a Zionist shill. 
 Another “Zionist source”? BTW what do you think of the father’s first name? Got a certain ring to it. 
 i cant believe we’re getting bp out of the dungeon but it’s with a zionist... 
 this is so incorrect. do you know the history of how israel was even created? or how about the fact that denying that there should be a jewish state is extremely and blatantly anti semitic so you should rethink your “anti-zionist” stance and call it what it is- antisemitism. 
 Selfish betraying for vested interests to bow at/kiss rogue hands of mossad mercenaries/convicted murderers/occupiers of nuclear apartheid zionist regime <number> / <number> invading GH/WB/Gaza over <number> lines by idf thugs. 
 Your not a Socialist if you vote for a self professed racist as PM. Kier called hinself a Zionist so he can feck off for me. 
 this is where the zionist thing comes from 
 Really? Thought you knew better (geopol. And geostrat.) Fake israel needs the zionist occupied US goverment. 
 When the Khazars became Jews (Zionists) via 
 Too bad for the American- Anglo- Zionist- Wahhabi empire and the Kurds that this project died in Syria. 
 The perspective changes when you look at it from a movement POV, than when you look at it from a colonialistic ideology POV. Can not have one without the other. Anti-zionist movements (within Jewish communities) is a consequence of not looking at both the light and the darkness. 
 &gt;Greek This is Zionist trick not science 
 Literally a socialist Zionist 
 is it immoral to get free dinner from Berkeley Hillel because on the one hand free dinner but on the other hand they have incredibly despicable zionist policies 
 No doubt that is true... we do not need a pdf to know it My point was that the clever folks at Kayhan undoubtedly saw the anti-Zionist elements in Harry Potter before anyone 
 The thing is, it wasn't even about Israel or the conflict. She just said she hates someone for being a Zionist and then blocked me when I asked why 
 yes only to anti-zionists 
 The Black Lives Matter political statement includes, among its goals, the elimination of the Zionist presence in Palestine. Here, the Atlantic argues that BLM is right. I disagree with this, and with their efforts to defund the police. 
 1nation Underworld universal Allegiance Divine intelligence worldwide chamber$ GOD$illA Annunki that's wiping out the Illuminati Zionist darkside kabla alliances cults religions on the surface now there in… 
 fix the quality of service before booting restaurants for their political views. If zionists can protest against Palestine than pro Palestinians can freely express their views. Stop being biased and 
 Because <percent> of Jews are Zionists. So when you defame Zionists, you’re really just defaming Jews. 
 Major Robert Williams of American Counter Intelligence (The Ultimate World Order) "Unless the American people recapture their government and smash the Zionist machine, the insane elements within that machine may wipe out Mankind”. Wake up folks and recognize propaganda 
 satanic apartheid armed violently attack worshipers | !! | ! ! APARTHEID SATANIC ZIONIST SYTEM 
 I know your silent believes. Evangelist try to use zionist like you. According to Evangelist you are serving them. You should also read their believes. 
 Denning, that wise old judge, rejected the argument that Sikhs are an ethnic group. That his decision was overturned by the Lords is not proof he was wrong in his judgment but that Parliament is inherently Zionist! I gleaned this from Geo. Bindman, who has much to say on IHRA! 
 if WINEP is not a spin off of AIPAC, they should get charged with impersonating a evil zionist shrill..... 
 russian paid the taliban to kill zionists. 
 Id rather justice for the innocent Jews who fell victim for constant abuse and hate just because of the staunch anti Zionist and anti semitic position Corbyn took. 
 pushing the zionist agenda like they did during the elections. Trump should cut off all ties with the zionist occupation. 
 Happy B.D. America. U fought <number> ur independence like the Palestinians who r fighting <number> theirs form Zionist accusation. Palestinians will succeed sooner or later and they will liberate their country Palestine all Palestine. Thank u trumpe <number> unintentionally unified Palestinians. 
 Yep. That’s what a Zionist is, Harry isn’t one tho 
 zionist nuclear apartheid warmongers/war criminals regime daily murders/abducts resisting resident Palestinians by idf thugs for GH/WB/Gaza land grabs beyond <number> borders whilst rogue mossad mercenaries spread MENA terror. dumb uae's notorious deal with bloody israelis is a sham. 
 Which was later proved false. Only a cold blooded zionist spive could defend barbaric Israeli government. 
 Both sides work against US, WE THE PEOPLE, to do Israel's bidding. 
 I know that but they are the zionists controlling israel. Like this beast... “Let me tell you the one thing I have against Moses. He took us forty years into the desert in order to bring us to the one place in the Middle East that has no oil!” - - - Golda Meir 
 there is a big difference between Jews and Zionists Ryan this is something you need to understand. 
 Still waiting for the Zionists to apologise for this 
 Religious-Zionist politics in turmoil as parties turn on each other THIS ENTIRE WORLD IS SO DIVIDED! TIME IS SHORT! 
 even the album art is a serve... i would stan if the bitch wasn’t a zionist 
 JUSTICE FOR THE REAL PALSTINIANS. Jews should demand compensation for centuries of abuse under Islam via 
 made on Heron Base, zionist UAV used also by turkish army 
 When did Zionists, ever care about international law? 
 I really enjoyed this piece! A small quibble though: mayim mayim (and Israeli folk dance in general) is not sung in black hat Orthodox or hassidic communities, which do not have much use for secular zionist cultural artifacts. 
 Sadly both of you are wrong in the same way When Corbyn stood the entire party should have been behind him, but the zionist brigade &amp; some others were not Now Starmer is in the same situation Stop arguing with yourselves &amp; you will win, look divided &amp; your lose, its that easy 
 New friends of zionists, turks? Your ancestors will be so proud of you 
 Israel is a criminal state that does not recognize any laws besides the ethno religious supremacist zionist doctrine it's based on. It has violated human rights &amp; international laws for so long, it became a habit. It is proved to be a Terrorist state that knowingly kills civilians 
 No, Zionists would not call her a traitor. Some Orthodox Jews perhaps. But not Zionist. 
 <number> million a day our taxpayer money wasted to support apartheid evil Zionist Israel murdering by bombing using our Americans weapons over all innocent civilians women and children in Palestine Syria Jordan &amp; elsewhere in Middle East. We needed our money to be reinvested in USA 
 *If* it means anything I’m always open to making u an honorary jewslim if being an anti-Zionist jew ever gets too much for you 
 The land issue originated and resides as one of the core issues in the Zionist-Palestinian conflict. There are two parts to the land issue. First, how those lands that were formerly under the control of the Ottoman Empire were allocat... 
 CUFI, a Christian Zionist organization, pushes policies that directly harm all Palestinians, including Christian Palestinians. Speak out! 
 NOT THIS GIRL SAYING WE SHOULD TREAT ZIONISTS WITH KINDNESS!! WHAT KIND OF BULLSHIT IS THAT??! 
 <number> million a day our taxpayer money wasted to support apartheid evil Zionist Israel murdering by bombing using our Americans weapons over all innocent civilians women and children in Palestine Syria Jordan &amp; elsewhere in Middle East. We needed our money to be reinvested in USA 
 Except he was talking about Zionists and AIPAC trash. Who most American Jews do not even like and often rail against. 
 Cringe Zionist detected 
 lmao not a zionist coming into my dms and telling me to ‘please do some more research before posting about how israel is trash’ as if i haven’t been deeply invested in this issue since i was <number> &amp; written multiple research papers about it ... &amp; as if the only reason people 
 "The new leader will have their work cut out for them" by the Zionists, but that still will not be enough to win an election. The Tories will always rule 
 Ilu has a problem with people who speak up for Israel as aggressively as the anti-Zionists who attack Israel. 
 Are you a Zionist? — I believe that Jews have a right to their own state. 
 Tell me, Zionist: What does "El" mean to you? 
 Looks Israel has been operating “caretaker” regime with superficial “democracy”since the Nakba of <number> . <number> years of wasted time with no meaningful achievements on social justice, equality of opportunity and freedom for all citizens.Zionist ideology of apartheid require detoxing. 
 Zionist pigs! 
 Germans are not that stupid. They have stopped with the ME immigrants now. They even pay Spain &amp; Italy to house the immigrants. Dividing Kurd areas after WW1 was a master Zionist stroke. Classic divide &amp; Rule. Too bad, Muslims still are too short sighted to see the big game. 
 I think we should protest that the world is run by pharmmafia gangs of criminals and zionists. 
 He knows this, it’s his job to push trump on us for the Zionists. 
 There is way more pushback from capitalists than just zionists, capitalists in the US and allied countries have thwarted left wing uprisings throughout the world. They fear any opposition to the capitalist system that has enriched the few and enslaved the masses. 
 Putin is the just their puppet, like all our presidents were the Zionist puppet. 
 You are so right wing. This is the Zionist Agenda people! Does not even mention Hanan Ashrawi Rasmea Odeh Haman Roger Waters Neturei Karta - All <number> of them. 
 Hamas did not murder <number> Americans. Hamas does not steal <money> billion every year from US Taxpayers. Hamas was not labelled an apartheid state by the UN. But typical of Zionist to deflect with name calling. Imagine how the families of these men feel? 
 Bitches of zionists... 
 I oppose the settlements and I am not a Zionist. I am proud to say that I am not a Zionist. Zionism is not required to be Jewish. 
 “Palestinian” activist: “We are longing for bombings of buses, and martyrdom operations inside the Zionist entity” 
 True but it's a Zionist Jewish criminal entity unlike the Atheist Jewish criminal entity running the deep state, News Media, and Democratic Party. 
 The Zionist movement began even before Herzl. Read Gordon and Auto Emancipation. Yemenite Jews walked to Israel around <number> . The Yeshuv predates the holocaust by decades. 
 But it is ok for zionists to burn churches in Palestine..... 
 If Trump gets to appoint one or two more justices to the US Supreme Court in a 2nd term then it will become extremely conservative and extremely Zionist and extremely antichoice in regard to abortion rights. None of those things (&amp; dozens more) would be a good thing in my opinion 
 You claim u are a Palestinian, so did u know that after Spanish inquisition of <number> , it was a Turkish King that saved Judaism? His name is Beyzeit the second, and Zionists celebrate this scum that screwed us yrly 
 It matters. I watched Joe lie about social security, lie about super Pacs &amp; could not name one Super PAC that Bernie has, because he has none. Joe asked for a break on that lie. I watched video. Joe Biden is a damned liar &amp; a self-proclaimed Zionist. That's a big damn no for me. 
 <number> % of all those convicted in the UK on the sex offenders register are White this does not include the Catholic church or the Westminster BBC Paedophile Ring Zionists paedophiles Harvey Weinstein Epstein-Maxwell, Jimmy Savile ,Frank Beck, Lord Janner 
 Of course its zionist kombucha girl 
 I see Bribe Minister and his Imp Zionist Fryberg now upped the Releif to a one off of <money> .. getting close to LABOR'S GFC of <money> one off payment ! Like all things LNP it always comes up short for the People ! Corps always benefit under the LNP ! 
 you support a zionist, save me from your opinion 
 My only disagreement is the "centrist" label. If you are an apologist and enabler of Zionist fascism and do public relations for far right regimes like Saudi Arabia and Belarus, you are not a centrist 
 Right kind of Jew / wrong kind of Jew. A thread. Those on the Far Left make an argument that Jews asserting (accurately) that <percent> of Jews are Zionist wish to make them the “wrong kind of Jew.” Nonsense. This is about representation. 
 Christian Zionists often say that God will bless those that bless Israel. Did you know that they have twisted even that simple Scripture? The promise was to Abraham and his seed (Christ) and this is what is says; “And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that <number> 
 He did not say homophobic things, jesus christ... and you know that a neo nazi and a zionist would be enemies, right? And do you hate vetrans? What is wrong with you? They served our country and you shit on them? For shame.... 
 Zionists commit the same crimes visited against the Jews in Europe, on the installment plan. The water in Gaza is poisoned, while Settlers steal the property of Palestinians at will! Arrest children in the street on their way to school. Every day is Kristallnacht for Palestinians 
 ‘Evil plots of the zionists.’ But he funds <number> terrorists organisations with the sole intention of destroying Israel and murders anyone who goes against his facist dictatorship and tyrannical rule. The irony 
 The term ‘zionist’, when used in the context that you have, has anti-Semitic undertones. You know it I know it Sort it out. 
 Tf is a zionist? Like yeah he's done pretty well but ain't it a bit early in his career for this? Plus he's not even roty 
 Except the difference is that anti-Zionist stances are valid from the perspective of promoting equity and justice. Essentialism for the cause of exclusion is not justifiable. 
 It also ignores the historicity of the situation on the ground, that not everything was clear cut or decided at the time &amp; there were massive disputes on the ground, within/between the imperial states, among refugees &amp; Zionists, and among Palestinians. 
 Do you think that David Duke talked about the Jews or not in the screenshot I gave (you can just search from:drdavidduke “zionists” to see more mentions if you'd want to) 
 Erdogan is a Zionist pig fooling Muslims 
 There zionists ,hiding behind lies and closed doors 
 well that is exactly what I have been saying for <number> years check out my old tweets the Zionist are a bunch of criminals pretending to be jews 
 is a movement against illegal inheritance of the land of and conversion of it to a so called a.k.a state. 
 What I said is not wrong. There was a small faction of Jews who identified as fascists in the early 1930s. This small faction was not consequential in the creation of Israel. But you can be racist and a zionist. That was entirely my point 
 And I am saying I agree with you. Trump is not a conservative. Trump is a . See the difference? If not, enjoy the degeneracy. I will never reject the support of another zionist but I do not always expect it. I am not entitled to that kind of loyalty from a fellow jew. 
 Donald Trump is the same type of Zionist that Biden, Hillary, Obama, Bush and Putin are. If you stand behind Trump thinking he's going to fix it, you look the same to us, the truth-seekers, as a green-haired liberal arts graduate appears to you. 
 'playing right into the hands of Zionists' I think she means Jews 
 Look up the word 'grammar', Forrest. I know it might be a stretch with your low mental acuity. By the way, Zionist is not the insult you think it is. Now take your dirty Islamofascist antisemitism elsewhere. 
 Not a fan of SA. Zionist aspect of T is a major problem. 
 He's <percent> a zionist. Quit lying to yourself 
 The word zionists reveals exactly what you are: cannot trust you at all. 
 ...the slaughter of civilians or the incarceration of children. Also It can’t be a Jewish state and claim to be a democracy . Nope , I don’t see why it should be frowned upon lol To question the whole Israel experiment .. I’m a liberal Zionist... are you for fkn real?? 
 Dave, you are not exhibiting Culturally Tailored Behavior. Message was about pedophillic Zionist mother queen. I know, being <number> , its hard to accept the thruth arising all around you. Talk to Sharon, she will help you. Being Jewish is a pride. Being zionist - different story... 
 Know Thy Enemy .... 
 Not to forget the insurgence groups and proxies funded by the US alongside their continual support for the genocidal zionist state of israel 
 still on going Zionist Israeli attacks on the Gaza strip tonight 
 I’m not waiting on all those things,I know they are all part of the deception,both sides support the one world government all the politicians, trump has been bought by the Zionists and they will lead us to destruction or just stir the pot of division till we do it to ourselves 
 Yeah it's because you are a Zionist. Of course you think that. 
 RT is alright but it's still anti-white, Breitbart has some good articles but it's stil Zionist. We need a patriotic Alternative in the media. 
 Treacherous/selfish act by , betraying all &amp; even to kiss &amp; bow at bloody hands of convicted zionist murderers/occupiers of nuclear apartheid regime &amp; mossad mercenaries for vested interest/trade, fallen dorks. 
 So by the same token Hamas can legitimately destroy Israel's <number> &amp; odd Nuclear weapons? Weapons of mass destruction are OK according to you are they? That's some zionist logic 
 Not one of your tweets says Zionists. 
 That's twisting words, I am not Anti French Ron, I am Just saying that statue provides a false Image of freedom and liberty when were under the rule of an ass kissing Zionist government consistently stripping our rights away. 
 We should not play with Zionist Criminals... Lets Carpet Bomb all their bases in Israel and destroy these planes with Cruise Missiles. Israel is an UNENDING Threat to many Nations! 
 Just admit what zionist is code for. Your face is no excuse to be angry at the world 
 Zionists might try unsuccessfully to eliminate the other, but they already have destroyed their Jews, their evangelicals, their USA, their FR, their EU, their Brits, themselves &amp; everything they touch &amp; like every fraud will not last the test of time 
 Following your logic here, expect you will refrain from commenting on antisemitism &amp; stop telling Jews who has or has not engaged in antisemitic rhetoric as you did on CNN &amp; MSNBC about Ilhan Omar. And for the record, you have it out for , a Zionist with a NYT platform 
 That is not true some zionists do not support Israel. I happen to know some. Yes that is the belief but not all believe that is Israel. 
 It was YOUR leaders who decided to take more land instead of choosing peace. And it was YOUR leaders who decided to push the Palestinian population to build your supremacist state. We didn’t arrive from anywhere. Zionists arrived to us. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : Hell is an immoral concept regardless of who might get sent t… 
 Why do you keep dodging the question? The remaining Palestinian territories obviously. Where Palestinians live. Gaza, West Bank, Golan. 
 So there was a bunch of Jewish people there before the post WW2 Zionisation push? —- Is it ok to say Zion?? I’ve only really heard Nazis speak in these terms, should I be using a different term than Zionist, or Zionism? 
 Saudi’s blatant relations with the Zionist regime is truly a dagger that has stabbed and the Islamic nation. The Saudis have committed a major act of treachery. They are culpable, but even here the US is involved. 
 Trump has recklessly and purposely opened the floodgates for the zionist nazi butcher in Israel to order the final solution to the legitimate population of Palestine. This footage is beyond belief! The man and his cohorts should be thrown in jail and rot there. Shocking murder! 
 I am Christian and well aware of the synagogue of Satan i.e. Kaballa The hexagram on the Zionist flag is just the beginning 
 ? You mean the National Association for the of Colored People? These motherfuckers who convince or support Black women to kill unborn Black children at a high rate.....and at the same time, kissing and Illegal ass! 
 by the Zionist Netanyahu regime targeting &amp; killing innocent people &amp; supported by the lying Zionist Trump regime in Order to justify their actions, Illegal under international law. Spare us the fake outrage especially when the U.S. destroyed Iraq &amp; its people. 
 The surrounding Muslim countries and their Muslim people loved the Ottomans- dont let Lawrence of Arabia and the current Western-Zionist maintained puppets fool you 
 Won’t be surprised if they were vandalised by the Zionists Jews since they are famous for that and done it many times in the past. 
 wrong. she was born in America. and has worked in america her whole life. and she is probably way more patriotic than you. and Trump is also a zionist. i gues you hate him too. 
 ! Israeli state has nothing to do with Judaism &amp; True Torah traditions! It's founded on Talmudic Noahide Law. Talmud condones murder of goyim &amp; paedophilia. They are preparing for their anti-Christ (Lucifer) to come. Zionist's have that in common with the Vatican Jesuits. 
 Despite intents, in practice, pretty hard to distinguish the two. On the basis of explicit Zionist proclamations, the current Israeli settler colonisation and threatened annexation of the West Bank was predicted decades ago. 
 zionists will say things like “palestine never existed” but will believe in identities like “moldovan” and “montenegrin”. preposterous! 
 Rosa Parks and MLK were zionists because they understood that civil rights are for all people, including the Jewish people. We applaud them for everything they fought for and everything they represent and condemn the attempts to undermine their great legacy. 
 Dude, I hate Trump. He's a Zionist shill and a traitor to America. He's no different than Clinton, Bush or Obama or any other traitorous president we have had. 
 "Journalist" and radio host Ryan Dawson trades in Holocaust revisionism, insisting “Six million is not from history it’s from propaganda" and bizarrely theorizes “I think most ‘NeoNazis’ online are just Zionists." 
 <number> -It takes a dam fool in the senate judiciary to pass hat, or believe a dam word that comes out of lindsey grahams mouth,now they let the most racist state of sc,the old abusive fascist zionist south Legally have access to anyones computer covertly,just passing a bill 2make apple 
 accidentally got myself cyberbullied by zionist instagram 
 Zionist Jewish invaders of Palestine have had more than a century of experience twisting the language to fit their false narrative. If it spills from the mouth or the pen of a Zionist, its probably a lie. 
 You bless the Zionists because your cult related capitalist that own the banks indoctrinated you to bless those unkind oppressors! It is like you made contract with devil to bless his children! 
 's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more. 
 This is not surprising. Dershowitz concern is Israel and Trump gives Israel everything Zionists like Dershowitz want which is why Dershowitz supports Trump. Bernie supports the rights of Palestinians. 
 The Zionist Jews ARE trying to wipe us out (Kalgeri) and they are planning on building the 3rd temple and ruling over the goyim who they consider to be animals. Luckily Americans are waking up and our wise founders protected our 2nd Amendment rights! 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 Christians hate Zionists? 
 He is the president of the Zionist world not the Muslims world 
 Pompeo assures Christian Zionists that Israel allows conversions to Christianity | Christians United for Israel 
 Why has Jo Bird been suspended? Cos she's Jewish? Cos she's anti-Zionist (believes Palestinians entitled <number> equal rights in their homeland)? Or both? Labour is rigged and deeply racist. How long before Arabs, Pals (yes, hello, we do exist) &amp; anti-Zionist Jews crowdfund &amp; sue? 
 Go through my posts. All of them are anti occupation. I’ve been nothing but outspoken. Yet you get mad because I made a post calling out racists who aren’t even Palestinians. You presumed I’m a zionist agent. Its talk like this why millions of us had to flee our homes 
 Treacherous/selfish act by , betraying all &amp; even to kiss &amp; bow at bloody hands of convicted zionist murderers/occupiers of nuclear apartheid regime &amp; mossad mercenaries for vested interest/trade, fallen dorks. 
 When you do the bidding of Zionists, you always get the Nobel Peace prize. 
 of course it has not for the Zionists since the beginning, since you murdered the UN mediator 
 Adam Schiff the progeny of the Luciferien Jacob Schiff who as a member of the Zionist Banking &amp; Finance Mafia participated in the rape &amp; atrocities in the Weimar Republic. They pushed us into WW- <number> which the nation as a whole wanted no part of until the pro-war Marxist campaign 
 World Zionist Organization presents plan to bring <number> French Jews to Israel 
 Israel: a fake country based on the myths of Zionist extremists on the expense of mass slaughtering of Palestinians and destroying their farms and homes. The boomerang will get back soon after you throw it. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : … 
 i don’t care what they did for british history how about we don’t have statues up of violent, zionist, racist imperialists 
 You realize that Palestinians lived in Palestine until was invaded by Zionists and their European colonialist enablers. They did not leave freely. The 1SS will level the playing field It's coming. 
 I am way ahead of him. I was Never going to vote for him, a guy that stands for Nothing, except more of same criminal activity Zionist mis-leaders have been doing for decades, killing ppl around the world and within borders while stealing all of resources in US &amp; around world. . 
 Israeli Historian Discovers ' <number> Million' Holocaust Figure Was Invented at Zionist Conference In <number> 
 Usefull asset being the operative word .... no wonder the zionists revered him. He was a warmonger in neo con Pos 
 it is all to create kurdish independent nation controlled by israel Since <number> zionist had has been funding insurgency 
 Amen. President Trump is doing himself such a disservice in surrounding himself among these purveyors of the decide. He is under their Zionist rule and doesn’t understand why his presidency is now in jeopardy. He trusts Netanyahu and recognizes modern day Israel. God help him! 
 What is Zionist propaganda? Do you want to live on your land, and die on your terms, or live on a foreign land and die under foreign terms? 
 REP OF BIAFRA asks the UK not to RUN away from Nigeria It's Never Time to RUN and the UK has not seen nothing yet Zionists ONWUKA NSIEGBE REP OF BIAFRA President Backed by the United States of America and Israel 
 Don’t make your lack of principles our problem. Just say you hate the community you come from and go... Have fun with your Zionist pals tho ! 
 Compare to HUMAN RIGHTS israHELL making Laws, MILITARY REGIME, how many FAKE groups are TRULY HELPING Victims of Illegal Occupation ? Zionists can be BURNED with FIRE !! Human rights groups urge protection of Palestinian workers during COVID- <number> pandemic 
 When Liberal Zionists explain how they want to end the occupation, &amp; live in peace under a bullshit two state solution, remember what you read here. One can’t be against the annexation of the WB, &amp; claim proper Israel has a right to exist. It is all historic Palestine. 
 No, especially has he has been photographed alongside known racist Zionists. 
 Harry turned out to be a zionist 
 Omg!!!! They shared their cookies with them!!! Evil evil zionists sharing cookies!!! 
 Like someone has already mentioned in this thread.. i would not be surprised if they start waving the zionist flag .. funny this is though they do not have thier own flag to wave around because the shia de3seen 3a raskon mn fo2 ya kleb !! 
 I did not claim he said all Zionists are idiots. I said he questioned the Englishness of some English people. It's obviously racist shit to question the Englishness of *any* English person. Which would not need explaining if certain nitwits were not so invested in this fool. 
 Ifnotnow - shame on you for being anti semites and anti zionists. You should be outlawed from Israel and never allowed to enter. Hope your organization goes down in BK and eventual liquidation 
 Zionists have overplayed their hand and many people have woken up to see through the ruse. Zionists have openly admitted to using this trick. For instance, former Israeli Minister Shulamit Aloni confessed: “Well,it’s a trick. We always use it. When from Europe someone criticizes 
 nadine shes a zionist, thats an L bb 
 Crow up ! Bernie did exactly what he was told to do in <number> his job was to Keep anti establishment branch of before DNC convention &amp;forced them to vote outer wise they have US apocalypses They all play in big stage to elect Zionist dream come true 
 Enslaving sounds really hard, honestly. Can I just get a check from the Evil Zionist Conspiracy instead? 
 We will thank God if there is peace! I wonder what the blood thirsty East European Zionists will do? Any idea? 
 Zionists own the league so that makes sense. 
 Towards a Christian Zionist Foreign Policy 
 InshAllah sister this will happen. His fellow goons are far right. This includes the Glasgow Fascist israeli Zionist stalkers and stranglers mob who are friends with Max Dunbar - known Nazi, known holocaust denier &amp; supporter of ethnic cleansing 
 Whoever following that person needa block em ASAP. This zionist apologia leftist sh*t is disgusting 
 Prominent Zionists test positive after attending gigantic AIPAC event in DC. Attendees were told “not to sound alarm” over the danger. Outrageous! 
 Listen to this Rabbi (ultra Zionist) speak about sacrificing Christians for their Matzah Balls 
 Evidence at or know more that he is Zionist Puppet 
 why does kanye look like those indian dons that write love to israel from ur brothers in india under zionist posts 
 as i recall, they called for the destruction of the zionist regime. there's a difference. 
 Interesting. Maybe the US never becomes the dominant world power, because there's no need. There's no Isreal, even though there was a real Zionist sentiment, because there'd be no need for a haven for Jewish people. Maybe the royal families would still rule Russia, Germ &amp; A-H. 
 Anti Zionist is always hatred of Jews. 
 saw you on breakfast tv, did not know that tv now hosts israeli terrorist soldiers, you are white you have no homeland in the middle east you zionist land thief. 
 One of the most difficult things in the world is discussing and clarifying zionists.. They have <percent> logic and expect you to say only what they are interested in! 
 zionists can stay mad 
 It would truly be so nice if antisemitic Christian Zionists could shut the hell and stop trying to speak on Jews’ behalf. Even better if our fellow Jews would stop tokenizing these folks to legitimize their racist politics and hatred of Jewish leftists. It’s so incredibly vile. 
 No surprise, here. NYT is a Zionist propaganda machine and pro-war and will never endorse someone like Bernie whom they consider a “ self - hating Jew” that stands against illegal occupation and wars as well as against corporate interests. 
 &amp; he's running on an anti-, anti- platform of that's virtually identical to 's so which supporter of should I vote for...? ~! 
 This whole “respect all Jews all the time for anything that comes out of their mouth” is childish drivel. Grow up seriously before accusing me of thinking anti Zionist jews aren’t jews. 
 Tom Watson wasn't the only Labour MP that Zionist Sir Trevor Chins purchased for his Parliamentary Labour Party (Lib Dem Tim Farron was maybe part of a BOGOF deal?) portfolio which totals over <money> . The toxic mix of money &amp; politics is alive and well with Keir Starmer. 
 Allan Nadler's readable portrayal of the compelling Rabbi Joachim Prinz, ally of Martin Luther King Jr in the struggle for racial justice, a passionate German-born Zionist and anti-assimilationist, <number> refugee and raconteur of sexual encounters 
 This is the first time I have heard of such a claim. But the claim is not unreasonable. Because we all know that the Zionists are doing the same evil in Palestine they occupied. This is the reality, unfortunately! 
 Exactly... Its like telling a zionist to stop being and occupier and a land grabbing thief 
 But Jack, you can not be a "catholic" and a zionist, at the same time. 
 we will crash all your enemies because you guide us to the almighty Allah. won’t experience its next 25th year as our leader told us. 
 You are on the take of the Zionists. 
 I would agree that Zionists in America have a ton of money and influence and are committing a genocide against Palestine. Blacks in America are not oppressed. 
 transfer it to China, China is the hammer of the Zionist/Communist/Socialist (they are one thing) to destroy us. BLM, ANTIFA, all funded by the true winners of World War II. All this is being revealed and is coming into the Sunlight. 
 Anybody who doesen't stand by the palestinian cause is just a neocon zionist shill, anything that pisses of the j**s is good for us 
 Actually, Arab Zionist has a very nice ring to it and I’m so excited to see more and more Middle Eastern countries normalizing relations with ! 
 Corbyn should of given the political Zionist Blairites an feel options <number> years ago...”Support me openly &amp; honestly ,or go,or I’ll take my voters I’ve gained got this party &amp; form a real Labour socialist party. No balls for that I’m afraid. 
 But both are the same... mafia/nwo/zionist agenda... nothing new under the sun... 
 Do you disagree? I mean very few are the Neturei Karta type of religious anti-Zionists, but few would grant legitimacy to the government of Israel if pressed. 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 What part of Sinai did Israel have before <number> ? You are very misinformed as most anti zionists are 
 Go to Palestine, there are massacres committed by your Zionist masters. All the massacres that occurred in Tarhuna were with full French support !! You have to ask Macron about it. Before coming to Libya as an infiltrator 
 Peter is not Zionist. 
 I poke around Daily Stormer and various sites to see what Nazis are up to, they all mock him as a Zionist puppet now, they feel betrayed because they believed liberal hype that Trump is a Nazi too and he proved all of them wrong. 
 Yup. Zionist is separate to Judaism and recently the Tory government did not increase the funding to CST, which was the subject of discussion. And considering the BOD have demanded that Labour does not converse with smaller, non-zionist Jewish groups, I'd say my point is solid 
 they thought that Hillary was THE rabid zionist. did not know there could be more than <number> . 
 A stuttering Dinosaur resurrected by Democrats, catapulted to be their nominee, by robbing SANDERS, has openly declared he I am a zionist, u do not have to be a Jew to be a zionist. NOW we know why Zionists control EVERY facet of daily life in America &gt;&gt;&gt; 
 You are merciless...but in a good way :-) [but really, he deserved the analytical behaviour treatment after calling *you* a zionist, that was just extra special] 
 I am actually not even talking about Zionists who found my thread on nationalist v religious motivations for Israeli actions, their opposition is expected &amp; they are mostly mad about the word "supremacy"/"supremacism". I am talking about ppl like this guy: 
 TRUE! Zionists are killing themselves In reality,, ALL israel leaders know it 
 So you used an image that called him a 'zionist agitator' (lot of self control not using echo marks btw) and now you are also calling him an anti-Semite, a self-loathing Jewish man 
 &amp; do not pretend Israeli govt's better. Netanyahu's a war criminal like all Israeli PMs. In <number> he went to a ceremony celebrating the <number> Irgun Zionist terrorist bombing of the King David Hotel, w/ former PM &amp; Lehi terrorist group leader Yitzakh Shamir 
 The last time he invited a NYT editor on it was an obsessive Zionist who “accidentally” lured him into endorsing Bernie. She accused Tulsi of being a toady then got exposed for not knowing what toady even means. Not his brightest guest. 
 Rubbish. Without Zionists there would be no Israel. The British did all they could to stop Jews from coming to Israel did nothing to stop Arab murders and attacks of Jews. Israel declared, fought and won its independence despite the Brits. Thank God for Pres. Truman 
 Donald Chump and Zionist agitators It has been obvious for many months that Donald Chump is nothing if not an automaton for the People's Front of Judea 
 Zionists are exiles returning to the land of Zion &amp; supporters, many are Jews. During Mandate, before Israel, Jews and Arabs were called Palestinians. Brits ruled, used Muslims to kill Jews inside mandate/ <number> 
 Our vile nation and president have been taken over by the communist Zionists and you expect us to take to the streets and fight and die for this wicked nation?? I will die for Christ but not land that is polluted YOU GO TAKE TO THE STREETS RICK YOU DO IT 
 Go shove your False Piety into the nearest Synagogue,You Zionist Liar ! You trashe Religion on your mocking speach in Parliment ! Disgraceful I would look after you if you were on fire Fryberg! And hows your Australian Fake Nationality going ? 
 Neither Ilhan Omar or Rashida Tlaib are antisemitic. There's a world of difference between being against Zionist policy and actions vs being against Jewish peoples. 
 Zionist Starmer has proved he supports all the traitors by not suspending a single one of them proving he is unfit to be leader 
 Talks about Zionist Holocaust propaganda and also believes he's living in a fascist state. 
 Im done with suju after siwon come out as zionist I thought they already change 
 Do not worry, comrade, we will take your right from the child-killing Zionists. 
 Call me all the names you wish. I was a foster kid in a Ukranian Zionist family who said, "Religion is the opiate of the people," never cracked a Torah and treated me as a Goy among Elites. Take your opinion and ... whatever. 
 Needs to hold off before going after Nick and do something about these "SHIT" aka "Self Hating Israel Threatening" lists. They are KACH party supporters and JDL supporters and Netanyahu Zionists that support Jared Kushner and Donald Trump. 
 Unilateral annexation of the West Bank will derail the peace process forever and whilst I stand by my Zionist beliefs I will not be able to defend the Israeli government or its actions if they go ahead with it. 
 I voted Merkaz for the 38th World Zionist Congress. Maybe someday I will fly to Basel Switzerland and wear a top hat like the way they used to kick it in <number> . 
 Well if he’s a Zionist god 
 Zionism is EVIL! The establishment of the Zionist Apartheid Theocratic (Talmudic-Supremacist) terror State of Israel, has been the 'Curse on Mankind!' Peace! Salam! Shalom! 
 Zionist jews, yes, please wake up 
 "World News Daily Report is a satirical fake news website, purportedly describing itself as an American Jewish Zionist newspaper based in Tel Aviv and dedicated on covering biblical archeology news and other mysteries around the Globe." 
 Yes keep quiet about Zionist crimes or else! Face the cowardly label , a blame from the morally corrupt. 
 It's always a mix. On one side are the Zionist extremists who mass flag my tweets for "Holocaust denial" and on the other side are the neo-Nazi Hitler apologists who attack me for not being hard enough on "the Joos". Talking about this subject always puts a target on one's back. 
 Fairness and truth are at the heart of this trend. In United States same is happening. Arabs and Muslims are overwhelmingly supporting Bernie Sanders because he proclaims equality &amp; fairness in US Foreign Policy &amp; Israel. Pro Israeli lobby &amp; Zionists openly call him bigot. 
 were you aware you products are being advertised on this hate filled anti Semitic anti Zionist shop Toronto? Why are you doing business with them? Do you condone anti-semitism?? 
 Imposters(Zionist)that claim titles of a”Chosen ppl”meanwhile they allow degenerate behavior to permeate around the true”Children of GOD” Would they allow their own to speak,n sexualize their daughters or young woman? But will gladly ALLOW ours to be as freaky as they want! 
 anyway one direction ain’t even a thing anymore and their members are trash like harry is a whole zionist?? liam biphobic? and i’m pretty sure louis said the n word 
 The zionists are no ones friend. Sending love and good will to your people. 
 chile he wrote this when he was a <number> / <number> jew he was probably an uneducated i do not think we can call him a zionist ??? idk 
 Yep as expected - the dog-whistle re Israel by every single wannabe Islamist dictator. Please tell us again about how you are only anti-Zionist and not anti-semitic. 
 I finally did too. I don’t entertain Zionists. 
 Obviously the research people crunched the numbers and came up with this as a strategy to "make pretend" christian. Trump is a zionist. Ultra right Zionists would target and destroy all christians - if they could. All politics you see is influenced by them &amp; Vatican &amp; old rich. 
 Here come the zionists 
 <number> . Hamas and Hezbollah would be resistance to zionist israeli terror. <number> . The others more than likely are armed by ‘Israel’ 
 Nick; while I stand against anti-semitism &amp; stereotype about Jews! I stand with you against the vicious backlash you had to endure! What’s important for humanity is to unite against racism &amp; colonialism! Pls fight “Israeli Zionist apartheid system” that’s oppressing Palestinians! 
 lol, we are duscussing right wing zionists love and collaberation for fascism. jabotinsky was someone who looked up to italian fascism. 
 Gaslighting is more like it, as your AZ friend is wholesale denying AZ's harass, bully, and initimidate Jewish Zionists on campuses like Blake &amp; Rose Ritch. In fact, have any of yr friends EVER spoken out about this phenomenon, other than to turn it around <number> on Zionists? 
 fr man. Most of the states in MENA have more or less become protectorates of the US empire, so of course they would not rat out their overlords But many have started normalizing with Syria, so I do not know what are those Zionists are on to do this, Assad not going anywhere. 
 <percent> of Jews are Zionists, Zionism is a huge aspect of Judaism. You don’t get to decide whether or not the relationship between Judaism and Zionism is valid. 
 Mental Midgets Run Amok, I am damn done with these fly by night Zionist Boy Bands ... I need a New Hero ... Not a couple of World Class ZEROs !!! BDS BDS BDS BDS 
 You are RACIST without the need to mention the word Indians or foreigners! Although you will never be racist against one nation only ! The Zionists, because they’re your own! 
 THE ZIONIST FACTOR: A STUDY OF THE JEWISH PRESENCE IN 20TH CENTURY HISTORY BY IVOR BENSON ( <number> ) 
 Stop it you see you cant face the truth ,I am الحمداللہ Moman muslim , yet you can call whatever you like and i can see from your word that you dont want to see truth and calling me zionist 
 Oh really? Sounds more like "I can not justify the brutal and unprovoked attacks by the zionists on Syria, so I will just make some shit up"... 
 The Irony is the anti-zionist jews in your cover photos are the ones doing the spitting. 
 Iran’s Hajizadeh: We must unite to expel the Zionists and Americans - The Jerusalem Post 
 Threats from zionist terrorist. 
 Haavara <number> . Zionists have fooled you all. 
 I do realize that which is why I specified Zionist influence. There are plenty of Jews fighting zionism just like Whites opposing White Supremacy. 
 Not only are police psychopaths with gun, kill at drop of a hat, particularly POC. They act above the law. Kill with impunity, System allows this bc in the end, they serve &amp; protect, Only the <percent> who have written "System" laws. They do not work for the rest of, only Zionist leaders 
 u prefer another blairite then? kier IS better than blair, but he's still a zionist supporter 
 cant wait for taibbis contribution to "Thoughtcrime" the new prestige quarterly from whatever zionists are bankrolling bari weiss these days 
 Not sure about blacks, they could have done it or maybe not but I certainly do know there were many cases of Zionists Jews who did it and this is just one case on top of my head. 
 She speaks up for zionists, not Jews. 
 NOT USA BUT ZIONISTS OF DEEP STATE WHO BURNT TWIN TOWERS IN USA <number> FOR WAT TAKE OVER ENTIRE MIDDEL EAST TO OCCUPY AFGHANISTAN FOR WAT TO STOP A ARMY WHICH WILL EMERGE TO JOIN JESUS AT PALESTINE AND FINISH THE JOB WHICH GERMAN FAILED TO FINISH IN WW2 
 I am sure he does and I am sure most do as well. Hysterically claiming is a deliberate and very destructive tool to prevent any criticism of the actions by 
 Have you not figure it out yet that the left is neither for the poor. Why do you think Bernie stepped aside like a good DNC F-boi? He NEVER planned to win. He is anopther Zionist playing his DNC dictated role, to protect the two party shitstem. 
 Oh do shut up you nasty little person. You only continue to prove to everyone on Twitter just how vile you are with tweets like these. Plus it’s very boring to those you are aiming at. It’s not like Jews and Zionists have not heard this nonsense before 
 The New Tea Party Is Even Dumber Than The Last One via 
 Guns/Weapons in the hands of responsible, patriotic citizens are the greatest hurdle for a Totalitarian, 'Soviet-Fascist-Zionist' Dictatorship! I escaped from the Communist Paradise of Hungary in <number> ! For <number> weeks faced the Soviet, Hungarian Communist Jewish Devils! We had GUNS! 
 ‘Treacherous blow’: Palestinian groups denounce Bahrain-Israel peace deal — RT World News Reality is, Trump, is he Christian ? Is he a Follower of Jesus-Christ ? Is he Arab, Zionist , or just a Rotten piece of SHIT ? Never PEACE BE with this UGLY RAT ! 
 I am a proud zionist. 
 No mention of ripping it apart then...Well not now A? 
 John Bolton is The Caligula of the Potomac. He's a Zionist, a war monger, and voting for Biden. Treachery. 
 <percent> of Jews support Israel’s existence, which makes them zionists. Therefore, if you hate zionists.... 
 Meanwhile..atrocities are still going on while we are focusing on the .. 
 They want to resist Israeli aggression and the potential Zionist invasion, yet they don’t resist their greatest weapon, sectarianism. Instead it’s encouraged within society resulting in strife between citizens and a weaker nation. It doesn’t make sense. 
 The implementation of IHRA by Zionist MPs has been one of the most authoritarian policies ever imposed within the party 
 seeing people attempting to drag jeremy corbyn through the mud for being anti-zionist has really upset me 
 While we do not need to be single issue voters, Zionists always have crappy values, so it's generally a good idea to vote for the least Zionist candidate in the bunch. 
 Don’t debate like a child. Trying to split Zionism into different forms is incorrect and childish. There have certainly been different governments in Israel with different policies which is why I recommend that book but all were Zionist. I gotta sleep. Goodnight. 
 So that justifies not giving a damn about international laws, conventions and blowing up, kids and innocent. Would hamas exist if zionists acted like humans? Would Jews take a stand against the Israeli government if they acted humane? 
 Fact: Jews are khazars and idumean converts Fact: Mt. Seir is their capital Fact: The jewish leaders want to rule the goyim Fact: The jews want to crush Iran and expand Israel from Egypt to the Euphrates Fact: Zionists murder children 
 The of Palestine ! | Or, the satanic Zionist Plan ! ! 
 We need to get rid of liar Zionist Netanyahu and help the Palestinian ppl.being abused by the military and Zionists who are repeating some of what they escaped from Hitler. Targeting and scapegoating. 
 Normalizing relations before the end of the Zionist occupation means selling Palestine and its ideals. 
 Most Arabs, now called Palestinians, emigrated to Palestine in the early 20th century because of the economic boom that the Zionists brought on the country. 
 As I said he proved he's a zionist puppet and proved antiwar was a lie 
 Heads up Zionist and fake Israel .... Revelation <number> : <number> Behold, I give of the synagogue of Satan, of them that say they are Jews, and they are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come and worship before thy feet, and to know that I have loved thee. 
 A person who defines himself as Zionist can be the most liberal or the most racist person. It really isn’t one sole ideology. 
 What does that mean? Every time we refer to crimes against some zionist comes up with a distracting platitude! also wants justice and truth and, I hear, will send a sizeable portion of humanity to the "lake of fire" on judgement day! 
 NO NOT THE ZIONIST- you should’ve said zendaya&gt;&gt;&gt; 
 Given all goodies gave to Israel: Jerusalem Golan Heights WB and more later, anyone hinders his reelection should be condemned as anti Semitic until he reverses his position &amp; ask for forgiveness from and Zionists leaders 
 Yeah it sure does zionist cyber fly agent 
 You are conflating Zionism and Judaism, and those Zionist accounts throwing around weaponised allegations of antisemitism like they are confetti and the real anti-Semites. They belittled the very serious matter and do not care about the impact. Shame on you &amp; your trolling antics. 
 Bloomberg: are often harassed for being . “America needs your voices more than ever,” said. “And your presence here — and the pro- identity you proudly bring to your classrooms and campuses — give me hope. 
 My god my grammar/spelling, no more tweeting while I shower . I meant to say don’t “shame” Palestinians into caring for a Zionist 
 who supports those responsible for explosion. An enemy of . BLOCKED 
 's chief says 'do not represent ' 
 Well, Corbynites have political views that tally with those of Jeremy Corbyn. Clue’s in the name. Same with Blairites and Thatcherites. As for the cranks, they’re the ones who spout insane or crackpot stuff, often something about “Zionists” or “traitors to Britain” or something. 
 me describing something ive experienced firsthand: yaknow, the evangelical christians who are zionists and anti-semitic? 
 If you could (((ironically))) illustrate Labour's missed opportunity to be in Government by selecting a deluded antisemitic leader.... with a football gif featuring a Zionist what could it possibly be? 
 I am an Iranian who is thirsty for the blood of the Zionist occupiers to take revenge on the occupiers 
 Cenk, All about u, TYT gang, screams Neoliberal at best, complete Zionist tool, most likely. You have been paid by HRC $$, and we know she and Haim "I am a one issue guy, &amp; that issue is Israel" Saban, do not give rats arse abt US working class. Foreign agent owns both parties. 
 'criminal Zionist controlled media', do you really believe that old antisemitic trope, do you think it's OK if you just swap the word Jews with Zionist? Will you also accuse us of controlling the banks too, of spreading communism and capitalism? Killing Jesus? 
 Ex RUC man running the Gardai Pro NATO sailor running the PDF Pro British, pro Zionist son of an anti semite in charge of justice. 
 YOU said they weren’t. You said ‘the creation of money as debt is a Zionist contrivance’, when jews were forced into moneylending over a millennium before Zionism existed. YOU are conflating jews and Zionism, not anyone else. 
 This is discrimination &amp; gross! I’m a Christian &amp; an unapologetic Zionist! If any country or people in the world had to deal with the constant attacks from their neighbors... there would be total outrage! The hatred of Jews &amp; Israel is demonic! I bet their food sucks anyways 
 Oliver Kamm, a neocon, Zionist rushing to defend a fellow neocon Zionist friend in distress. Putin maybe a lot of things but he is a better man than you and Bolton will ever be. At least he fights his own wars unlike your chicken hawks. Your risible book 
 There is NO non-Jewish majority, nor will there ever be. Asked and answered. Question: Why do you use such crappy sources that hate Israel, like Haaretz &amp; 972mag??? 
 Have you seen his bit about how Zionists invented all tropes about the Jewish people hundreds of years AFTER Jewish people were literally burned alive because tropes about Jewish people? 
 U.S. Lost <money> in Weapons in Yemen.. No! worries US is not doing it for free..every war has a price tag.. and this one is being paid by the Zionist Saudi’s.. 
 Right off the start he says “the Jewish entity is a cancer”...not Zionist...Jewish. At least he’s open about his bigotry and not trying to hide it behind “I hate Zionists not Jews”. 
 harry styles is zionist ??? good to know 
 An easy way to detect the real American patriots from the Fake lying Pay-triots is . . . Anyone that claims they are a Zionist is a traitor and should never be trusted. They are the enemies of America. 
 "A leader of Britain’s largest Muslim charity labelled Jews the “grandchildren of monkeys and pigs” and called Egypt’s president a “Zionist pimp,” The London Times reported on Friday." 
 The difference is only that of capacity! regimes, vs 
 Def hijacked by Zionist music handlers 
 my prayer is to free palestine from zionist apartheid, please put that in the wall 
 ‘Zionist’ Biden in His Own Words: ‘My Name is Joe Biden, and Everybody Knows I Love Israel’ via 
 If you think that Zionist Jews do not control things just look at how much of a puppet Trump is for em &amp; how they also control BLM &amp; Antifa. They set the US on fire and made America a more dangerous place just to make people believe again in the political system that they control 
 INTERNATIONAL J3WRY Yet the man who consolidated the Mafia’s ‘banking operation’ and thereby created the international crime syndicate known as the ‘Cosa Nostra’ was the Zionist Jew Meyer Lansky. That crime empire should more correctly be described as ‘The Kosher Nostra’! 
 Terrorizing citizens day and night... Zionist occupation soldiers attacking and kidnapping Palestinian citizens in occupied Jerusalem this evening, occupied Palestine, <date> . 
 Most of them hate him because Zionists in the media have criticized Umars Illiberal views. He's Nationialistic, opposes LGBT, opposes interracial relationships, and has givein speeches on Zionist control of media and banking institutions. They hate him and his ideas. 
 Zionists need to realize that we don’t hate Jews and that we are just advocating for palestinian land back but their ignorance blacklists so many of us with their nasty threats that make us stronger and them pathetic attacking our physical features for what we believe in 
 Interesting, so when the anti fascists in the 60s and 70s were against David Myatt and were calling him an antisemite, his reply to them was he wasn't but an anti Zionist because he supported Palestine and did not believe in an Israeli state. It's funny how the left now say it. 
 If you actual talk to left-zionists they will have no shortage of criticism for Israel, but they also know the Israeli right and Hamas and PA leadership use eachother as foils. Pal leadership is also unaccountable and insanely corrupt due to elexs not held in <number> + years 
 Zionists/Evangelics lies never ends via Trump's mouth! Now he's on claim of COVID's vaccine for October! That's just <number> month before elections! What a coincidence! why not try to swindle own people via a fake cough syrup? More cheaper than genetic researches? 
 Zionist fled the Nazis. 
 "destabilized the entire region. "? Is not that what the Zionists did? Proxy armies, as in the US's Israel and Saudi Arabia? 
 In response to 's call for the 't_Execution , thousands of protested in front of his house to his corruption and the poor economic situation of 
 time the Arab world will FINALLY end the endless zionist terrorist threats, attacks and murders all over the Middle East and beyond! To hell with those savage murderers! 
 Hypocrisy of Muslim leaders made them slaves of zionist 
 Fab? She is a Zionist. 
 Yep. That’s extremely Zionist. 
 Or zionist states 
 So? Many people that have PTSD have episodes almost every day!!! They can not function in politics or a regular job. Some people are annoyed by your anti Zionist/Israel politics. Are you pro BDS too? RT 
 No, I just made my reply Jeff Rense: The Communist-Fascist-Zionist Alliance 
 Trust me the issue is way bigger than Hamas and the plan to create an Israeli nation "from the river to the sea" was made long before the oldest member of Hamas was even born. Zionists believe God ordained them this land and will stop at nothing to make that happen. 
 Loves the Zionists though ! 
 ha ha ha !!! just posting from your propaganda archive and telling us to believe it and change it ! Hitler was a friend of Zionists and then it changed ! Lies have many faces ! 
 Doesn’t surprise me. Most Zionists I have met would probably agree! 
 They are in the list no worries Zionist will never prevail 
 No, the one she kept the finger up for was the 9th; she knew what Jews believe about the afterlife. She put the finger down as not Zionist, but still had the one up for the afterlife. 
 <number> . Under Articles <number> and <number> of the Hague Convention, neither Gaza nor the "West Bank" are to be regarded as occupied 
 While is killing people around the world, just killed a palestinian in the west bank. not even a pandeme can stop these virus! the worse kind 
 Check the replies....... Jews, Zionists and Israel feature highly. 
 "catch you out" ? I am just trying to understand the mindset of a person who is a Zionist and supports Israel. I can stop talking to you at any time. No one is forcing you to respond. I want you to be honest with me. I appreciate that. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : A socialist who has been a longtime friend of Socialism Regimes. This is the biggest threat to our… 
 The Zionist regime is the most evident example of state terrorism. Ever since Britain’s anti-Islamic, antihuman policies put the Zionists to rule in , they have been acting like a cancerous tumor, furthering their goals by massacring children, women and men. 
 I think you mean Jewish Zionist privilege. 
 Good grief...this thread has degenerated into a debacle by truth hating Zionist loons... lol.... 
 If the US gov wanted they could pull the plug on the Zionists in the Saudi Family and the Zionists in "israel" and neither US military base would last/thrive...it is the US gov the props up both these client states in MENA 
 Lion, Leopard, Tiger, or Cat Masonic scholar, Albert G. Mackey, <number> °and Knight Templar,stated the following: "The Lion was regarded as a symbol of strength and sovereignty". of (King) Solomon, as the Chief of the Tribe of Judah, aka Zionists 
 A Zionist Is not A Liberal, A Conservative, A Communist, A Capitalist or An American They are Always A Zionist &amp; Trump Is A Zionist. 
 The Israelis are willing to use nuclear weapons on those who dont have nuclear weapons. A virus to kill people is only good news for the Zionists. They are not civilised people, but barbaric medivelers stuck in 10th centruy empire building. 
 back then she did .. The zionist claim to the land is ridiculous and childish! it only exposes the hypocrisy and willingness to rationalise and justify anything.. which is very dangerous 
 Zionist want war and destruction of Palestinians. Most of the Jewish population want peace with the Palestinians in Israel. 
 In the offending tweet, Khamenei complained that "the UAE acts in agreement with the Israelis &amp; filthy Zionist agents of the U.S.," adding, "such as the Jewish member of Trump’s family." 
 In fact, at one time, Jewish taxis were forbidden in Jerusalem, for fear of Zionist terrorism. 
 All Zionists are sneaky, past and present 
 It is zionists hater ... big difference... 
 They refuse to accept that 'Zionist' is the same as 'Jew', essentially. 
 Note the NYPost refers to the victim as the anti white meme Karen. Her employer was pressured into sacking her by Zionist backed lobby groups 
 Are you stupid? They had an agenda. It has been shown, repeatedly that accusations of AS have no basis in reality. It is about being anti Palestinian, anti left or pro zionist supremacist. 
 It was more for Netenyahu's benefit since Zionist Israel is who benefits &amp; has been trying to drag America into fighting a war on their behalf like it dragged us into WWII to get Palestine via Balfour Accords. 
 What else do you think Arafat was right about? Palestinians are from Palestine. Israel is in Palestine. Every Zionist invader knows that. 
 *YOU ALL/THEY ALLOWED N SOLD EVIL TO BOTH, TO ALL OF ANY/EVERY PRESENT SIDE(S)...SINCE * <number> ADMIN HANDOFF TO ADMIN ZIONIST IMPOSTOR FROM ROCK GRASS ISLANDS TO DRY SNDS, THIEVES TO THIS VERY... 
 Not all Jews support the Israeli occupation. And not all Jews are Zionists. 
 Might be that students of the have been exposed to that in debate. Thou I trust we`d heard more of that `dark` line if it was more widely accepted beyond - 
 I block Zionists &amp; gender fascists because they seem to be the most likely to report people to the thought police for wrong-think. Odds are one of them was behind it. 
 Outrageous Twitter has suspended . Yousef was a prominent Palestinian activist who spread awareness about the daily suffering of Palestinians under Israeli occupation. His tweets about Palestine were viral. Which angered Zionists. STOP CENSORING PALESTINIAN VOICES 
 against to mislead others. Those based English tv channels n newspapers now day and night are busy in reporting n exaggerating lolxxx but bloody hypocrites ignore the real massive protests in Jerusalem (Israel), USA , France etc .... 
 The laboratory. It's where Neo-Nazis, who call themselves Zionists, test how much evil a government can get away with. 
 Do i think a majority of Palestinians support Hamas? I have no data to support or refute either side so I will not speak on that. Do I think that anti-zionist attitude is rooted in anti-semitism, absolutely. Seen evident by the acct. of the tweet that started this thread 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : Heil Hitler!!! 
 Why is twitter mass suspending Zionist’s 
 <number> / You mention taking land, but there is a historical context. You can argue biblical, but even if you want more recent history. The area was occupied by the Ottoman Empire until British take over following WWI. Zionist settlers had purchased land in region from the late <number> 's 
 UK, USA, CA, AU, NZ r in the hands of Zionists, just like their many in EU. Kingdoms in ME, Egypt too. Modi's India just joined the club. This YT post might shed light on how a powerful cult infiltrate world govts &amp; religious bodies 
 Yes, just calling out the zionist tactics "persians" in afghanistan use rather than being open about it. I do not like the cowardice. Is that too complicated for you to comprehend? 
 Descendants of the Holy Roman Empire of Zionist are at least only takeover barbarians after HADRIANVS. 
 A main player in this nations troubles, an ashkenazi apocalyptic Zionist fake jew lived in this house until just before COVID19 hit. Believe this we are being attacked. 
 intensified over the last few years has been the weaponization of anti-semitism. In a similar vein, there has also been the weaponization of holocaust denial. These are the deliberate attempt to paint genuine investigators of Zionist corruption and crime as racist. However, the - 
 Anti-Zionist Jews call Zionist Jews Nazis. That’s even worse. 
 Really? That’s your retort? Well if <number> is not important, why is <number> ? <number> years ago? Are any of the actual refugees still alive? Denying history is an ugly sloop. It’s exactly what people accuse Zionists of doing. 
 So Mohammed Salah is a Hamas secretary who is collaborating with the Zionists... 
 Your right... That subject pushes some buttons with me.. I used to cover it all the time until they got a hard on for me and suspended my account permanently. Hard to believe the US supports the Zionists.. 
 It does fit in with Johnsons Zionist ideology. He’s more than prepared to let folk die so that they are no longer claiming pensions or benefits. His herd immunity plan is alive and kicking despite what he or his government say. 
 It is axiomatic that 'talks' are useless, akin to playing a guitar and then expecting a goat to start dancing. What other choice do Palestinians have ? The Zionists have only gotten murderous and more evil... 
 Zionist Lansman is her adviser, I am not voting so it ends Zionist Boris Johnson and Zionist Long Bailey. 
 I don’t like Zionists. They’re a bunch of Japhethitic Supremacists if you ask me. 
 I feel the same. I do not want a party that's run by Zionists. 
 The kid reminds me of an old movie called The Bad Seed. Zionists 
 So it's okay to steal and hurt people as long as they are related to someone who politically supports a state based on a desire to have a home for and protection of their people? How is your desire any different from a jewish zionist? They actually were rounded up and killed. 
 If you know what evil the Khazarian Zionists are doing to the Palestinians and you dare to remain silent, you are rightly called a tongue-tied devil Probe Shows How Israel Police Shot Innocent Bedouin Teacher and Left Him to Die 
 <number> curses on the illegitimate Zionist Entity 
 Death to Israel, warmonger country . Dear Indians this Zionist regimes are bipolar and hypocrites. What happened in beirut was a missile\rocket strike. Their tome is coming soon and we will see them suffer. 
 i am a zionist? 
 Bernie's just as much of a zionist. 
 What it got to do with Jews that aren’t zionists and what’s wrong with non Jews which are? 
 as you continue to suspend Zionist accounts, and allow accounts like this, all we can do is ask why? Do you earn that much money from hatred? 
 The zionist entity approves <number> new illegal settlement units in southern West Bank 
 Pompeo Aligns U.S. Foreign Policy With Christian Zionists 
 Because that's exactly what he was. A zionist plant with a camera following him around. GTFOH, you and aipac 
 zionist war pig and son of Satan. 
 Mr Saad what would you say to someone who thinks both Republicans and Democrats are filled either with gentile zionists or zionists with dual citizenship (Israelis) and are working to advance Israel’s interests at the expense of the U.S as well as Europe? 
 And yeah you stay silent on the terror and the true terrorist that are the that even the Orthodox Jews that are honest admit that it is an evil political regime.... 
 A question for you all. If the Jewish Zionists had NOT been granted Israel would there be any "Palestinians" seeking nationhood off Egypt, Lebanon, Syria or Jordan? There were no such protests for the thousand years of the Ottoman Empire occupation when "Palestine" did not exist. 
 Are not all Zionists the same? 
 Of course the story of the St Louis is exactly why <number> +% of Jews are Zionists. 
 If I had to pick and give stats here they are: Democrats = <percent> are stooges. Rublicans = <percent> are stooges. Zionist give both predetermined narratives to create illusions of party choice to us citizens. All congressional gatherings are simply speaking gigs and acting sessions. 
 All people who are not a member of their secret society of NWO are targets, but true Israelites are the more important main target of martyrdom focused on 1st to prevent Zionist State being overthrown by true Israelites returning to Jerusalem bringing justice/peace to all nations! 
 Israeli right-wing Zionist terrorists kill <number> in <number> 
 Anti-Zionism is literally Soviet Antisemitism. Anti-Zionists can never tell the difference between Anti-Zionism and Antisemitism, and that is in large part because the two are, underneath the superficial, inherently the same damn thing 
 America sells Syrian oil to Turkey. Turkey also steals oil from Syria through rebels and ISIS. Turkey attacked Kurds betrayed by America. Turkey has diplomatic relations with Zionist Israel 
 Lies and misinformation? There is no unbiased reporting on the conflict you can’t act like zionist sources are all-encompassing. 
 The Vatican? The pedo priests, their deals w the rothschilds, it literally filters down to almost every church, listen to mark Taylor's talk about the 501C3 churches, the Jesuits play a huge role in all this, Catholics not alone, Zionists n Israeli govt are evil as they come 
 <number> % of all those convicted on the sex offenders register in the UK are white this does not include the Catholic church or the BBC, Westminster paedophile ring Zionists Paedophiles Harvey Weinstein,Epstein ,Glean Maxwell Jimmy Savile ,Lord Janner 
 Colonial Democracy from HelAviv to DC is ALL Zionist Racist Jewish White Supremacy. 
 Yeah, we know Twitter (and specifically your Zionist racial supremacy page) is where the "real information is being laid-out. Everyone should be listening to your giant megaphone! 
 It is. And funding Zionist terrorism against Palestinians. 
 Why? Zionist today accept Al Aqsa and even put it in administration of Jordan. Zionist just want Jews to self determine in their ancestral land. 
 Zionists have made defending the likes of bombing poverty-stricken children playing soccer on the beach their raison d'etre and then have the chutzpah to complain when they are excluded from people's conception of what constitutes progressive. 
 Not throughout history, you Zionist dullard. There was one notable incident at York in <number> . I love the way the Jews, who of all the ethnic minorities are probably the most prosperous, always shout about their mistreatment - being paragons themselves, of course. 
 She has never shown support for the Palestinian people neither has she debunked that she supports Israel. Its very clear that she supports Israel, if you think otherwise please stop making excuses for zionists 
 A large percentage of Muslims push the <number> - <number> conspiracy and accuse "zionists" of Islamist terror, including bombings, truck rammings, and stabbings throughout the world. They are little gentle butterflies. 
 Please do consider to Combat Covid <number> in Gaza, Palestine as they have been blocked by Zionist Israel. EQUALITY!!! 
 Yep. Zionist EuroJew invaders of Palestine were the origional modern regional terrorists: 
 zionist Portuguese whipping 
 I believe might be what you are looking for, led by who has consistently supported Chris and unashamedly anti-zionist. 
 We categorically reject the farce called the Italian Deal of the Century, which cannot be understood by the mind of an Arab child For us, his name will remain the Zionist entity. And we say the spit of the century 
 Ma’am, there are FEWER Black Americans as a percentage of population now than DURING slavery. The Palestinian population is on track to eclipse the Zionist population in a few years if not already. Wtf are you talking about? This is NOT an endorsement of Zionist occupation btw. 
 Any resistance again slaughtering innocent Palestinian residents, destroying farms and building illegal Zionist settlements is called terrorism. It's the time to shed light on it and stop lying. 
 He's a fucking liar the truth is that criminal Nazi-Zionist Jews inside the U.S. government created the virus and then released the virus by means of U.S. military chemtrails spraying now why New York been sprayed so many times remains a mystery between NY and another hot spot f 
 <number> - <number> back/endorse 'ither or , both who are dangerous for the world, bad, dishonest , which We, the honest USA Citizens do not want. Bruce 
 If you missed it yesterday, read it now. Clear evidence of this is coming thick and fast as we are deluged with the most blatant and pernicious bullshit from obvious Zionist stooges. 
 This is the MOST EVIL DEAL ! Ismael is to FIGHT against Issac, not have united relations ! Corruption in Religious frames are in The Prophesies ! Zionists NEED Arabs to CONTROL THE WORLD ! Not the way around ! Corrupting Muslims is the PLAN ! It is WRITTEN, and you can LEARN !! 
 "He has built a significant following from Islamophobes, white supremacists, Zionists as well as developed a high media profile due to his absurd but headline catching stances on issues affecting Islam and Muslims, both in Australia and overseas." 
 Well you are the Zionist talking about “globalisation”, but we both know you are referring to the NWO and the “greater israel” agenda . . . . After all, this is why the Zionists orchestrated <number> / <number> and used American sons and daughters to fight israel’s Middle Eastern wars . . . ! 
 lol how idiotic analise... We were not in war only with you, all zionist dogs were attacking to us from everywhere.. and we won all the battles by our selves.. not by support masters.. Also u have to learn Turkish War tactic which never change, first we pull u to inside ;)) 
 and are fast developing ties with . The UAE is developing extensive business/economic ties to Israel with a view to heavily investing in the Zionist regime. Saudi meanwhile is needlessly purchasing Israeli weapons. 
 Certainly, he’s not always going to support every decision made by the Israeli government, but I wouldn’t say he’s necessarily anti-Zionist. 
 You still can not bring yourself to say Girauds tweet about F my dead mother was simply wrong. Always defending it by trying to divert. . . You too have joined the group of zionists as a Gutter Snipe. 
 And transplanted NYkers I know that don’t know what they are talking about re Bernie and Israel/Palestine. Total Zionist propaganda 
 This is for zionists 
 Wasn’t there something back in the <number> ’s to end segregation? 
 He’s a Zionist ? And they act like he’s an angel 
 Yeah, it's kinda slid in there in a way that I do not think many would catch it and even fewer would grasp what he's implying. When you piece it all together though it's a pretty clear Religious Zionist/Haredi anthem. 
 Not blaming zionists this time? 
 Molotov chucking Muslim lawyer interned with Soros-funded anti-Zionist group 
 The Zionists don’t have any rights morally politically or legally to the land of Palestine MR 
 I care about him, he says grug as fuck things sometimes but to see him attacked by these zionist j*ws makes my blood boil. 
 Nonsense, An old man who become anti Zionists and blobers half truths. His stories are full of holes that he explains as being a low rank who know very little. We do have left wing idiots in Israel that push any anti Israel narrative, regardless if it has a grain of truth in it. 
 She is a zionist 
 imagine how tired we are with zionist word lol 
 i don’t care i’m not going for excuse his shitty actions he made at the age of when he was in his early 20s, he fucked up he has to deal with the consequences of having pro israeli actions and being a zionist 
 Treacherous/selfish betraying to bow at/kiss bloody hands of mossad mercenaries/convicted zionist murderers/occupiers of nuclear apartheid regime for vested interest/ties. UAE/Bahrain sold out for sham deal. 
 Bastard Chicken Fancy zionist Forces...!!! 
 WAKE UP FELLOW AMERICANS... The Zionists Own and Control Biden, Kamala, Trump, Congress and the Senate &amp; even Own and Control Local, State, &amp; National Politicians. Damn if you vote Biden and Kamala, and Damn if you do not. Irrespective, to sleep well at night VOTE ALTERNATE... 
 Zionist groups will condemn this only because he’s saying the quiet part aloud 
 *supporter of the right wing Zionist org AIPAC 
 We need to get all Zionist traitors out of our government. 
 Just some Zionist propaganda that will be broadcast from Jerusalem, by a sitting SoS. Very normal. 
 oomf has tweeted praise of two different zionists in the last like <number> hours uhhhhh 
 Nicely stated.. Zionist * (ashkenazi jews) i. e. Rothschilds - bringing you war &amp; death since <number> ' 
 Below pictures via These images outline some of the brutality by israeli Zionist ethnic cleansing paedoohile swine forces 
 I do not know if it is the translation that make it sound like it sounds, but the zionists are not Jews. No real Jew would commit such atrocities. 
 .Some of these are Zionists. Some of these are extremist enemies of Zionism. So, ? We’ve got your #. 
 Good tome to be German politician with the German version of the Zionist Aipac money trying to buy them off. 
 Hannity is a servant of the Zionist 
 Quicker to just say Zionist 
 They are not the only ones. Here in Britain, the only way you become someone is if you are willing to kiss Zionist boots 
 Lies....American Zionist 
 Zionists and Jewish supremacists bother me so fucking much. How are we gonna have literally millennia of oppression and then not stand on the side of the oppressed 
 Zionists are insufferable scum. They’re elitists and think they they’re superior to Arabs, blacks, Latinx, and Asians. They think they’re so enlightened and we’re a bunch of savages. They have the audacity to call themselves victims when they benefit from Anglo white supremacy. 
 What about the links of him with being side by side with non zionist Jewish people? You are confusing race with ideology . 
 Not being a Zionist is not by necessity based in antisemitism. The idea that Zionism is inextricably tied with the Jewish population is ridiculous--Zionism was historically a movement of Gentile colonialists, opposed by the bulk of the Jewish proles. 
 is honorable justified cause. Israeli zionists are the closest to nazi cult, it's a competition now. 
 So true. Ironically it's the Zionist and MAGA crowd doing this. 
 Yes turkish regime zionist 
 He was getting hit with a skateboard and getting beaten up. You sound like a Zionist with this half truth headline. 
 anglo amerika's zionist outpost in palestine is a beachhead into western asia &amp; africa &amp; one they fiercely defend &amp; seek to secure so as to expand their hegemony further ... they want control over every nation's resources, by war or by exploitative contracts 
 Being anti Zionist is being anti Semitic. Just saying 
 Forward seems to think any anti-Zionist Jew is self-hating or at least deeply resentful of their parents. 
 What have the Zionists ever done to you? I know many Iranians who wd like nothing better than to be friends with Israel. How do you explain that? 
 I hope you share that sentiment with the anti-Zionists who terrorize me daily with anonymous handles. 
 Enough with the anti Iran Propaganda. Iran has been a victim of Anglo American Zionist aggression for <number> years. Focus on the real villains in the region. Israel and Saudi Arabia! 
 Saudi mafia family is funny. Now they think they will revert the Zionists who worship nuclear bombs. Tragic. 
 A dizzy work propagandist from Zionists. Such " Black Lives Matter " a person who plants bombs. 
 All are in my freedom of thought - Non- describing themselves as seems weird to me, tho I guess it`s terse way of saying they support , as I do, because it`s to do so, as it`s been their home-country since around <number> BC - 
 Shitlibs ignore an entire Black Lives movement &amp; strive to shame people into voting for the very POS who turned the ruin of Black Lives into a profiteering racket. And a molester And a warmonger And a climate destroyer And a debt slaver And a zionist 
 wat other word would u prefer that i use to describe the illegal seizure of palestinian territories in the west bank and the israeli supported settlement of zionists in those occupied palestinian territories in direct violation of international law 
 This is the Zionist/Vatican set up to get the public to hate Protestant Christians, burn their churches and kill them. The staged pandemic was not quite perfectly executed. But it worked well enough. We noted how Hillary pushed Christians to Trump with veiled threats. =TRAP! 
 Pesky zionist illuminati establishment lizard alien people with their 5g. The only people really getting focused headaches is anyone with a basic understanding of physics reading and watching Internet conspiracy theories. 
 Zionists want to use genetics to put Jews on top and Arabs on the bottom rung. 
 great Frank Sintra - a real zionist who helped Israel buy its first weapons to win the war in <number> 
 Wait, a third of the Jewish people will accept Christ and make it to heaven. If I can remember right. Also, the Zionist Christians might be going door-to-door in Israel right now thanking them for their service. 
 Okay I had heard that Magda Goebbels was romantically involved with a Jewish man before she married Goebbels, but the fact that she was also active in Zionist circles and said lover was HAIM ARLOSOROFF, is really sending me. 
 I can not stand you stupid cucks cuckholding for the bomb crazy Zionists. 
 Yeah, I don’t take advice from Zionists. 
 Hasbara trolls in full effect. Show this brave woman your support by following her. Zionists &amp; other abusers of power have infiltrated the resistance in the UK. We MUST amplify the voices which are being silenced. Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. 
 3oooooo3333. Him being a zionist is enough for me tho 
 We had to leave sawfar even Fuck the Zionist occupation state 
 U of Florida pro-Palestinian group falsely accuses “Zionists” of “ethnic cleansing” Palestinians from <number> to <number> 
 God bless America!! WTF? has it become. World bully boy. Zionist agitator. Shame on The US 
 oh geez, so predictable. a liberal zionist who denies the ethnic cleansing of the state of israel and smears palestinians as anti-semitic. AND tries to bully palestinian scholars by tagging 
 I am a Zionist who doesnt beleive either of those things; millions more live *in* Israel. But real clever preemptively dismissing ALL of them to show how angry you are at others. (Psst, do you put "America" in quotes, too? Any other country? I didnt think so.) 
 (((Zionists))), please save us from the (((Communists))) 
 Zionists are everywhere Making a killing: Israeli mercenaries in Cameroon 
 When God made the Earth he infused it with numbers, vibrations, colors. Gematria is ancient knowledge that converts letters into numbers and that carries certain vibrations and frequencies. 1billion % Zionists use this everysingle day to ceremonially shift the natural balance 
 is an attention seeking Zionist who can be quite nasty himself. 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 do zionist historians actually not realize how self-incriminating it is when they argue the Holocaust was unique due to the the bureaucratic premeditated way it was carried out 
 Jesus absolutely is a Zionist as he will return physically to Jerusalem in glory at his second coming. This guy is a very confused man and seems to just attack things he does not understand. 
 And that's not the first time he's said such stuff. Here, of course, he's campaigning for the Zionist vote, and using tokenism only regarding Palestinians, to keep up the illusion that he's left-wing and humanitarian. 
 The reason for instability in the Middle East is Israel, which is a product of UK, France and US alliance/Zionists. Zionists are not necessarily Jewish, they are Aethiests who twist the religious doctrine quite literally for their convenience. 
 You said Zionists believe any criticism of Israeli policy is anti semitism. I gave you a very clear example of one that is and you have yet to back up your claim. 
 Both the Jewish Telegraphic Agency and Jewish Transcript reported in September and December respectively that Nahum Sokolow, Secretary General of the World Zionist Congress, openly stated, “Hitlerism enables us to convert all Jews to Zionism.” Nazism was bankrolled by the West. 
 Palestinians have a big religious problem, ngl you are right, the zionists unfortunately harmed their religion 
 Before formulating a response: Recognize first and foremost that we are living in a world economic MATRIX purely designed completely controlled by Zionists men and women of all backgrounds,hue,race,colors ,sitting and controlling world central banks in the last <number> years! 
 Now you are talking! If you really feel this way about the zionist globalists, then we can become friends! Because to me, they are the biggest problem in the whole world! I am willing to negotiate anything, with anyone just as long as they have a strong anti-zionist stance! 
 Searching through some random lawsuit filings and just came across one against about a dozen judges, with a case caption describing a federal judge as "a zionist extremist white supremacist Satanist racist terrorist." 
 one of the rights most recent critiques of the left is that they don’t know how to meme???????? they ran out of things to say long ago so they just pretend that rachel maddow and the zionists control the world 
 Iran Extends Prison Sentence of Christian Convert for ‘Evangelical Zionist Christianity’ 
 Finkely, blockade is allowed since israel and Hamas are at war....also Hamas can always buy from Egypt... 
 What do you mean shilling for them? Judaism is a retarded religion to me. But not more than Christianity. I am just pointing out why Protestants are inherent Zionists and why Catholics are committed antisemites. 
 So you are okay with fraud, says alot about you. 
 It is my concern because I see Saudis hands in hands with the illegal Zionist state and with the US, especially with that moron called Trump. It is my concern when the Saudis who claim to be the custodians of holy shrines don’t utter a world against human rights violations 
 Tell that to the mindsync of the Zionist warped brain. 
 I mean, I get her signing pledges unquestioningly to avoid a kerfuffle from vocal interest groups during the campaign, but there was absolutely no need to declare herself Zionist. If she could not manage a "no" this would have been a perfect moment for Starmerist vapidity. 
 Something like this IS happening It’s called Stop zionist Holocaust of the Palestinian people 
 Just like America the Zionists answer to no one. The can assassinate anyone anywhere. They can conduct war like military operations anywhere anytime. They can occupy lands and destroy economies for their own gain. The destroy innocent civilian lives at will. They are criminals. 
 he blocked me because he can not pull that zionist shit on me. 
 “Most Zionists have regarded anti-Semitism as an ineradicable disease that cannot be corrected merely through education, reason, or enlightenment, let alone assimilation.” 
 Zionists don’t fear you. 
 He called Saudi the cash cow, but he himself is the biggest cash cow.. US are going the same way of zionists last servants, the British. Trump is putting his hope on wrong guys to save USA. (in my opinion) 
 She’s a right wing Zionist, pretending to be a sweet NYC progressive. 
 I wonder what Biden who claim to be will say about the if he get elected in November 
 The Jews were not “awarded“ or given Palestinian property. The European Zionists violently stole the land through ethnic cleansing. 
 "look at the hostile relationship the Zionist regime has with EVERYONE in the region" Israel has long standing peace treaties with its two biggest neighbors. The most powerful/influential ME country is more favorable towards Israel than Palestine. So hostile. 
 Conversion means Indigeneity now. When zionists make the claim that all Jewish people are indigenous to Palestine because once Jews lived there ... reminds me of that time on the Real, where a white Rachel Dolezal argued she was Black because all humans originated from Africa. 
 idgaf f chris vans is your favorite, that man is a Zionist and A COP SUPPORTER 
 As usual the LNP Fryberg Lied its seems the main theme of the LNP ,Lie Lie Cover up ! Fryberg manufactured a Fake "Surplus" from NDIS monies when in fact He knew we have a huge deficit of several millions of dollars! You are exposed Zionist Fryberg ! 
 Because the Zionists who control the media want to rid their race of Jews who assimilate to western culture. They did the same thing in Germany. Cut off the limb to save the body. It’s a sacrifice. They want us to hate them. It’s part of their plan for survival and total control. 
 "Zionists For Trump" ??? Really ? is this a new organization? 
 Gosh, Riverside, hmmmmm, let me guess, being accused of antisemitism after allowing an actively Zionist Jewish MP to retain her seat for <number> years well into her <number> 's? That Riverside? 
 Muslims around the world except you know that they are slaves of zionists. Even they are ready to sell their religion too. Moderate Islam where DJ music concerts became halal is an outcome of that. Otherwise why would they allow them in the land of tawheed? Is it in your Sharia? 
 Irony: Zionist at work. And yet they labeled Bernie the Anti-Semite. 
 via : is the sole party which espouses , an end to the , narrowing of the horrendous income inequality, and equal rights for all citizens. 
 Couldn’t be done without their partner in crime Netanyahu &amp; US Zionist gangsters. 
 Saying Zionists should not invade our home, burn our olive trees and dry our water supply is quite different from saying "Jews are subhuman who do not deserve sovereignty". If you really equate those two in your head, you have been living in a bubble. 
 zarrie*s can not except the fact that harlod is a zionist no matter how much they try 
 Ahh but I’m a Zionist and everyone knows that we are inherently irredeemably nasty people. You’ve allowed yourself to be deceived by my thin veneer of niceness. 
 At the height of the siege, the Zionist Army cut off access to food, water, and electricity. Mossad sent Kataeb agents to use car bombs as a tactic to sow terror. Zionist airplanes bombed and killed hundreds of Arabs to have a chance at killing Arafat. 
 I look forward to your children being Zionists because they’re so embarrassed and repulsed by you 
 Could it be the puppet speaks up against its masters??? Considering the United States regime of Terrorism, fully support and protect Israel crimes against this brutal Apartheid, racist Zionist regime... 
 if Troye Sivan wasn’t a Zionist then his songs and personality wouldn’t be boring 
 joe alwyn and harry styles, and sis you ain't got no proof that hes a zionist anymore 
 Q-Boomer Ashkenazi Jews abuse the Jews, they are not Jews but Zionists. Goym Bruh Moment. 
 Because they are zionist.. 
 What's the problem? I wish the same for all zionists. 
 Shame on Shame on Shame on Shame on To remain silent in the face of the genocide of the people of by the Anyone who remains silent in the face of this Holocaust is imbued with the massacre of the people of Gaza 
 Interference from your master Zionists and Americans. If it was interference from Iran,till now they would have called all the so called Human rights groups. 
 If , an American Jewish Newspaper which identifies itself as the "foremost voice of truth" seems to see no difference between Jews &amp; Zionists. Who should be people ask, then? 
 Making fun of the Board is not antisemitic. I call their leadership the Zionist inquisition since they issued their <number> -pledge fatwa threatening Labour candidates. Why should I take them seriously? They are a politically motivated entity. Not any worthier than other lobby groups. 
 I know is Zionist and nothing is likely to change if he becomes president, but we deserve a seat at the table with the national security adviser so we can raise our issues. They just want us to keep quiet and just vote for him," Shbat said. 
 <number> -Zionists Khazars from translated Torah to Latin changing geography from Yemen to Egypt &amp; Palestine Joseph the Patriarch is Arabian 
 As the Jewish Zionist Noam Chomsky put it: 
 The aggressiveness of American imperialism and its Zionist lackeys has no limits. 
 When the Zionist fake j3w Jesuit banking cartel puppets force your phone to update &lt;&lt;&lt; 
 Zionists learnt well the techniques of their forefathers destruction in Europe. 
 Zionists are behind blm they want to create a race war and they want white gentiles dead. I loved how you express yourself you could go places. 
 friendship of Trump by adopting the account of his allies, the Zionists do not represent their peoples 
 "The “wall” is a protection of the Zionist “villa” against the “jungle”. The “wall” and the “jungle” are two sides of the same racist, colonialist coin. It’s not more complicated than that." 
 That's a serious question what is that which makes you so disturbed abt cooperation between Pakistan. Pakistan has able brains &amp; able hands. Keep your advises in your pocket. We will do what is in our best interests. We do not pick lines from western medias controlled by zionists. 
 Crimes of the terrorist Zionist occupation army gangs. 
 It’s because he supports a UK government party called Labour and calling him a zionist but labour is actually pro-Palestinian and donate loads to charities so he’s not a Zionist at all he’s actually a great person people just don’t know their facts x 
 Art of the deal 
 It is grip of Zionist will take millions of ppl lives 
 Happy Jewish new year to every Jewish except for the Zionists 
 What does "white privilege" even mean to a zionist? You can not meaningfully use that term when your whole ideology is based in settler colonialism. Liberals just throw phrases around like words do not have any meaning. 
 Thee zionist scumbags at their best. 
 Is is possible to be a Zionist and...an anti-Zionist at the same time? Any offers, anyone? (Btw: this is a 'genuine' question!) 
 listen, mr dad_of_marine. i gotta know. who exactly do you mean by “zionists”? is it as antisemitic as it looks like?? 
 Just as it shown up amongst Bernie’s terrorist supporting, Zionist hating Islamist surrogates. Jew hatred is despicable on the right &amp; the left and equally dangerous. 
 Considering he called himself a Zionist 
 Indeed. Too late I have learned the zeal of his solidarity with murderous fascists. He may pick up some jewish membership but will lose many more anti zionist members. Starmer has turned out to be one of the greatest disappointments in many years. 
 As soon as the EU, pay lip service' in it's condemnation of Israel ' you get the same old' trick they use to exempt them from all crimes' by Zionist Israel' " Antisemitism " which in it's self is any oxymoron 'as Palestinians are also Semite's 
 ex-soldier speaks TRUTH as to how <number> TERRORISE to maintain <number> Allow squatters to ATTACK Palestinians <number> Take HOMES <number> Arrest/TIE UP Palestinians <number> Instil FEAR in hearts of Palestinians from 
 Can these Zionist please shut up now? JA was always the ROY over Zion. 
 Dr Finkelstein , who is Jewish had his family killed in the holocaust. Still, and rightfully has the morality to defend Palestinian against the brutality of the Zionists Israelis. He exemplifies the type human beings that all should follow as an example. 
 Fat cats should not be in health care. They should be in brothels &amp; casinos. Adelson Trump's lover boy already in casino business ripping off every one. His wife a Zionist already got some medal from Trump! 
 I wear the antisemitism as a proud badge given by ignorant and their sympathizers. Supremacists bigots are threat to the peace in the world. 
 Starmer is a hardline Zionist. 
 Global phenomena (Whiteness) <number> . Supremacy <number> . Legacies <number> . Privileges ( Holocaust - Zionists Fake Jewish - were reimbursed ) Africans?????????????? <number> years till date. 
 no hatred here... I would not stoop <number> the depths of hatred seen extended <number> Palestinians by Zionists... pretend Jews... 
 Zeev Sternhell, ‘Super Zionist’ Wary of Extremism, Dies at <number> 
 'THE LORD Reveals, The God of Abraham Isaac and Jacob' "ZION IS SAMOA NOT ISRAEL, AND KING DAVID IS A SAMOAN OR ZIONIST NOT A JEW. Listen, I have already raised up The Messiah in SAMOA. I will Reveal Him very very soon." The Prophet From Zion 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : Because the Labour party are bigger Anti Semites than Hitler ever was. 
 Yes...there are many neo-cons &amp; zionist shills who follow Bill. 
 Some devilishness released by The Zionists 
 How do you make that out , Zionist? Are you suggesting that Balfour/San Remo gave all of Palestine to the Zionists? 
 all the zionists in the comment section need to incheb 
 If you are Jewish and are anti-Zionist I will follow you back 
 And if you get the response to this that I did (from Zionists ...the dumber ones) that she is nobody important, just look up her creds. 
 The massive power of the lobby is not to be underestimated it's a well funded campaign has been proven to use bribery, smears, blackmail, intimidation and hidden influence to silence any and all criticism of . 
 Quite certain that <percent> of politicians have a criminal history. Have you heard --&gt; Backed by documents available on their website archive. EXTREMELY important info. Please listen and share. These are the TRUE intentions of 
 The zionists lobby's are to strong in the world, they would have to bring them down.. More &amp; more pepoel see the gamic and sham that is all around the MSM and the medias.The control of the Amaricans mind is so obvious and ridicule. University's &amp; school's, justice &amp; arms depart.. 
 Typical Zionist Mentality, enjoy yo Peak b4 the Fall 
 No way is he a Zionist... 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : Wow...protestors make it INTO the Michigan Statehouse Think little miss Hitler wanna-be gets the message yet? 
 get out zionist 
 <number> . was 's 4th Prime Minister and the first woman to hold the title. She died in on <date> . Meir was a labour leader, a Zionist, a diplomat, a founding mother of Israel and a Jewish hero. Her legacy has been an inspiration for generations 
 The conflict over secularism is largely an intrapolitical issue within Israel, rather than the I/P conflict. I.e. the degree in which the Rabbinate has power is mainly relevant towards left and right Zionist parties. 
 theyre zionists 
 I wonder whether the anti-Zionist's iPhone has Face ID. 
 But if you waited 2k years and your teachings say this, then does that mean Zionists go against their faith to force a situation that was not supposed to happen until mashicha came on his own accord? 
 The UN did not establish Israel. Zionist colonists did. I do not see anyone defending inhumane acts of the Pakistani regime. I do see the insidious and pernicious Israeli regime lobby in the UK defending their barbarism, and moreover affecting UK democracy. 
 Dear valiant SAA, You can not keep waiting for those zionist motherfuckers to launch air raids and then only sway away the missiles (even though successfully). You need to use the Ain al-Asad tactic once against those pigs and fire into tel aviv. Make them pay. They will think twice 
 # Ju-n-g-koo-k we love you for taking that Zionist banking blood money... 
 OK LOOK I HAD NEVER HEARD THE WORD ZIONIST BEFORE OK 
 "The reader of Hoffman’s book might be drawn to equating Palestinian and Jewish terrorism, concluding that there is no difference between what the Zionists did before <number> to achieve an independent state and what the Palestinians are doing now for independence. 
 She Is Actually German, But Has Strong Ties To Ashkenazi They Are Not Jews They Are Zionists There Not Jews 
 Their all puppets of the Zionist deep state. 
 you cannot be “pro” any of those things and be a zionist! zionism is racist, it’s colonial, it’s violent, it’s misogynistic, it’s oppressive, and it has no place in a just society 
 My take on the buried Epstein Non-enquiry, and Mossad Zionist connection summarised as succinctly as anyone has ever put it 
 someone said that being a zionist made you privileged because many think it’s woke to be antizionist. he responded that the ideology was shared by nazis. it was. 
 When are you and the rest of the Zionists going to face Justice.. 
 Where he’s most insidious is how is videos are consumed by more center left liberal Zionists. It enables them to look past history and the present occupation. 
 The US is creating enemies for American to serve their personal greed and Zionist bankers Interest. Ban Israeli citizens from public office in the US. Stop Israel from deploying US military assets! 
 American/Israelis Dual citizens have been stealing masks from us and shipping them to Israel in a Mossad operation while Zionist shills are turning the issue of the theft into a Left vs Right/Democrat vs Trump political issue. Spin masters are at work. 
 And finally: Do not be disturbed by the images that denounce war crimes, be outraged by the damned criminals who commit them: the occupying Zionists, sadists and cowardly murderers from the cowardly distance of their F16, tanks or drones. SHAME ON YOU. 
 calling out occupation, war crimes and lobbying Zionist interest groups supporting the above does not equal antisemitism, it equals human decency.. something i am guessing yo know nothing about. 
 I am trying to understand why anyone would hate the nice asian man who wanted to abolish poverty. How is Yang a 'Zionist' as you put it, and why is that such a terrible thing? 
 The modern King James version of the Bible (the Scofield reference Bible commentary) contains false references to Israel and intends to spread Christian Zionist doctrine prevalent amongst Christians today. Brainwashing millions to support Apartheid Israel 
 All of the US puppet states have no choice. UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia have been pressured by the con artist in the White House to endorse the fraudulent deal between Netanyahu's apartheid zionist regime and the UAE!!! 
 There would not be a racist colonial squatter state in Palestine but for the British, though Zionists bit the hand that fed them in <number> . 
 Also pushing liberal Zionist agenda which isn’t enough. 
 Translation: Starmer must seize this opportunity. The real way to show Israel that Labour has changed is to expel anyone who is not Zionist to the marrow. 
 "Plot against America" minute, like, <number> : flagrant inaccuracy, where there is some BoroPark-style Chasid is asking for "money for Palestine". <number> ) It was secular leftist Jews who were Zionist, not the religious; <number> ) The Chasids were at that time in Poland, not the U.S. 
 what on earths wrong with nationalism and conservatism? Do you support a Zionist ethnostate for Israel? If you say no then that means your anti-semitic...and you wouldnt wanna be accused of being that now, would you? 
 Labour has long been a Zionist party - honest socialists now have little choice but to organise with the only socialist organisation in Britain consistently standing up to Zionism 
 Apartheid Izzraeli Zionist Fascist Swine Forces continue terrorist operations against sleeping unarmed Palestinians 
 If races were reversed, these kind of stories would be (and are) pushed more and promoted, etc. The (Zionist) MSM is constantly claiming that white people are the root of all “evil” and that nothing bad ever happens to them, no? All of American/worldwide corporations, <number> / 
 Einstein was AZ before Israel but once Israel was established he supported it &amp; was asked to be President of Israel. Hajo Meyer was mentally ill &amp; in no way talked for other Holocaust survivors, all Nazis according to you. Nice. Are Ethiopian Jewish Zionists Nazis too? 
 He is telling us the Zionist agenda as message in advance nothing else These guys are robots , talks only what they have been told to talk 
 He's not a Zionist. 
 Ironically this "leaking" started with a surprising support I got on an activist-generated move on the Palestinian "issue" and then "hijab-day". And they are not Jews or Zionists. 
 That’s not what happened. Palestinian Jews were just as against the european zionist colonisation of their land as every Palestinian was. In fact moreso they wanted the British to take adverse action against it. 
 Creating Chaos so that they can Create Order out of Chaos. This is the U.N. Agenda <number> ...globalist Zionist led- their disciples are planted/bought/paid for you global governments. They are want to destroy each nation (chaos)- bring in One World Bank-One World Gov. 
 MEMRI is a Israeli/Zionist funded organization which cherry picks wacko stuff from Arab and wider Islamist media to malign Muslims in the west. Not a source I would be waving to make a point about Bajwa’s shenanigans. 
 The main halachic authorities of the Middle Ages like the Rambam were Zionists. 
 Zionist held considerable power in Europe and still do. That’s not a bad thing unless that power is used for oppression of others. At that point it needs to be called out. Banning BDS proves that power is a threat equality and human rights activism. 
 Do not worry pomppy Jerusalem will return back to Palestinians as it was before. And all those gangsters Zionist will be killed one after one . That what exist in their devine books . But they are stubborn. 
 Maybe the Goblins enjoy or do not mind her stereotypes.. I remember her ranking 4th out of <number> top zionist influencers: 
 interesting to note is that Israel's numbers of infected were increasing at a much higher rate than Palestinian numbers (thanks, siege) and we ALL know how the zionists feel about numbers and ratios 
 Can you explain to your new constituents, why are you having events with the Ambassador to or anyone representing the Zionist government of ?How does a man of color chooses to side with the govt of a country that oppresses ppl of color is beyond me! 
 “Generations of critical thinkers did not live and think and write for us to cast a strategic vote for a reactionary liberal, an unrepentant warmonger, a hardcore Zionist, with a record of racism and alleged sexual abuse.” 
 Bernie’s identity is barely relevant to his policies. I support universal healthcare, college, debt cancelation, GND, etc. which has nothing to do with Bernie being a “Zionist”. 
 ZUL-QARNAIN OR CYRUS THE GREAT MENTION IN HOLY KORAN AND HEBREW BIBEL PRAYED FOR AFGHANISTAN..TO B SAFE 4EVER PROPHET MUHAMMED WARNED ZIONISTS 1400YRS AGO ARMY OF JESUS LEAD BY HIDDEN IMAM MEHADI WILL EMERGE FROM AFGHANISTAN THEY N JESUS FINISH ZIONISTS <number> EVA 
 hey Germans do not expect an apology from Israel anytime soon because it takes of depth of character to own up, that's why you will never hear a Zionist apologise anytime soon... 
 They are right though. The Jewish Chronicle is a vile Zionist rag with low reliability. 
 Ben Gurion is the father of ZIONISM. He was a GREAT con-man. ZIONIST came into PALESTINE with Palestinian VISAs. Then came in with UK soldiers and ARMS in <number> , and went on to killing thousands of UNARMED Palestinians in THEIR sight. IT was a massacre. Palestinians... 
 And BTW - no, the anti-Zionist Jews are NOT the Jewish community. And if you think they are it means you’re not interested in the Jewish community at all. 
 Anti semitism in its popular form is an invention by Israel and the Zionists to curtail ANY criticism or even a bad joke. They run the media and control financial institutions. Any one with half a brain should see what's going on. 
 Orthodox Jews oppose Zionists. 
 This was true back in the 60s and 70s, even into the 80s. The political alliance between US evangelical Christians and Zionists in 80s brought about a shift. Liberals still backed Israel, they could not do otherwise, but the religious right became the hard core base of support. 
 If the genocide against Armenians and Jews were wrong, then the genocide against Palestinians is equally wrong. Zionists cannot have it both ways. 
 No, it's simply Starmerism : a new form of B-liarism! ( : the B-liarite &amp; Zionist who "supports Zionism without qualification", and a Trilateral Commission elitist too!) 
 You fighting against israel Protecting lebanon Terrorizing people Fighting in idlib, iraq and yemen Being iranian and syrian puppets Calling us zionists when you do not know what a zionist is Saying we are the "enemy's voice" for being patriotic and rational 
 Another Zionist war crime to add to a very long list. This is 
 The Zionist were in Israel long before the terrorist. 
 Why arent there more RT - they were brilliant speeches and eye-openers about the real opinions of Jews - apparently Israel is run by Zionists which is a political extreme movement from 19th century and has nothing to do with Jews. So please RT to send their message 
 d AMERICAN REVOLUTION <number> has begun!Americans- <number> istime <number> REGIMEchange&gt;AMERICAN PEOPLE POWER vs AIPAC/isreal Lobby!lets finish off American zionists 
 Ok lemme just clarify: I think Zionism sucks and anti Zionists are cool and many of them are Jewish and good for them. I did not mean to imply any of that other stuff and I am sorry 
 yes, but it’s really hard to do if you’re not jewish. doesn’t stop me from trying though. i used to be a Zionist (and a liberal) myself, so I’ve at least figured out how to engage the ones who aren’t acting in bad faith, but have just bought into propaganda. a brief outline: 
 Would Priti Pathetic actually lie about the Senior Civil Servant? She has been completely ‘Out Of Control’ before when she was formulating Her Own Foreign Policy with Zionist Israel unknown to the PM. She should have been kicked out then but No! 
 Horta I am interested lool are you a zionist abti? 
 "Who's going to defend you against the zionists imperialist colonizing state?" It's <number> , for the love of god let us get over this shit already. Without Hezbollah there is not a threat 
 Were you upset when rallies were held in Israel and the Zionists wanted all black people removed, and sent back to Africa? They were screaming "if you want to help the Nigg*rs, help them in their own country" HYPOCRITE 
 No one expects an American to know anything about defending their homeland because while you were out invading and destroying other peoples homelands you allowed zionists to rape, pillage and hijack your own homeland. 
 Josh, How about really pushing for the two State policy in the Middle East. A free Palestinian State as endorsed by the UN and supported by the world except for Trump's USA. Remember the King David Hotel bombing by Zionist zealots - the first modern day terrorists. SHALOM. 
 Thank you sir! Zionists have hijacked Judaism. 
 I do not know what you mean by "playing both sides". I am an Israeli Zionist. The side I am on is pretty obvious. But I do believe that bridging the gap between my side and the other side is possible. I believe peace and coexistence are possible and even inevitable. 
 everybody got that one friend who a zionist 
 World Zionist Organization to send permanent emissaries to UAE Jewish community via 
 The Zionist Saudis have no honour to protect so they think they have nothing to loose by dishonouing the most honourable . 
 CRITICAL News. Historian exposes <number> . Virus targets ethnic groups. <number> . Just the first attack. <number> . DETAILS—shadow govt kill/control people. <number> . Fake Zionists/top Christians <number> . Beheadings plans. <number> . NWO currency. I’m Sick from hearing &amp;U will be <number> . via 
 We have been in Afghanistan for <number> years, found no WMDs in Iraq and meddled international affairs around the world. In fact. I am not sure whether the UN controls the US or the US controls the UN. Plus, we worship the secular, Zionist state of Israel. 
 Don’t understand the UK. While the center-left party establishment in the US has been dominated by pro-Israel politics, there is a very strong grass roots revolt from the bottom up. Meanwhile the UK left party seems to have succumbed to abject terror over Zionist witch hunting. 
 Thank you for your interesting *promoted* twit. It is very nice indeed to get these kind of inciting, extremist messages, pointing each day to a different "murderer". One day this guy is a murderer, today it's the Jews, tomorrow the "Zionists", and who knows who's next. 
 She’s not a full on communist but she is definitely better than like <percent> of sanders libs and I rly like her show (if u open that tweet she’s having on max blumenthal tonight and is inviting any of the ppl at that conference zionists got shut down via zoom/YouTube) 
 I had Muslim friends telling whoever they could Jewish ppl are termites &amp; cockroaches, that all Zionists need to die &amp; that Israel needs to be destroyed. That we control everything and are the colonizers of the world. When they learned I was Jewish and a Zionist, they ghosted me 
 Allah it’s another Zionist 
 english: here is a gift of a homeland after our little fucky-wucky of honestly not doing much of anything to prevent the holocaust at all zionists: thank you it is lovely palestinians: so like i live here 
 Many Jews have had a litmus test applied to them, their connection to Israel and whether they are Zionist within Indivisible group and associated groups like where do you stand? 
 Since the time of elections in the United States of America and the Zionist entity in the occupied territories came at the time of the emergence of the deadly Corona virus, there is a great conspiracy and the matter is purely political and the virus is artificial <percent> 
 This is/was a Bio-Weapon out of China, seemingly of Michael Bloomberg origin. Here, Patrick Clawson, an Ashkenazi Zionist akin to Nazi Bebe Netanyahu and linked to George Soros, OPENLY provokes war with Iran unfettered by UN Tribunal. 
 Spiler alert? He IS anti-semitic &amp; this tweet is the height of antisemitic conspiracy theory. A perfect example of when “anti-zionism” IS antisemitism. There’s a certain irony, I’ll give him that (btw <percent> +of jews r zionist meaning, we believe in our right to self determination) 
 I was gonna say "could you imagine a member of group x making a get out to vote ad that featured.." and stopped because I could not even think of an equivalent "f U monkey" depravity that anybody else, except maybe Iranian-american zionists, would even drop. What would it even be? 
 San Remo conference -o Brazilian ht has pple work for him fr Guatemala do they have same problemhistory ISinvasion &amp;European colonizg tday persecutG Christians bombs terror oh SAN ReMo Confe ww1 allies leaders MeEtinG Result welcomed by JeWS&amp;by ZionistS 
 &gt; Zionists continuously searching for identity And you know what, they do find it. As opposed to those exchanged their good Arabian identity for the fakestinian hoax. 
 Ironically many of them call left wing Jews (and non Zionist Jew) antisemites whilst tolerating <number> 's of comments claiming 'Soros' funds the EU and is promoting immigration. Antisemitism is mostly being used as a political weapon. 
 Anything regarding American "Zionist" Jews who support Israel over America first, normally has truth to it. How many of these producers and actors that have been outed during the movement or paedophile rings are of Jewish blood. Answer: Heaps. 
 Historians are not divided, there is evidence of pre-planned forced expulsions by the Zionist leadership as early as <number> . You have just contradicted yourself. 
 Zionist! Are known to be mischief makers.. for the longest time western countries have played their game. Let’s be the game changers.. 
 without a terrorist Zionist occupation !! The city of , <number> Credits: Quds News Network 
 imagine being a zionist 
 While the rest of the world looks at it as occupied Palestine. Your days there as the zionist state are numbered, 
 So much for showing red cards... SRtRC. Zionists triumphant. 
 Join George Galloway's New workers party. The LP has been overtaken by Zionists who think: Israel 1st, Israel 2nd, Israel 3rd than May be UK 4rth. 
 Have you lost your mind? are the scum of the earth! 
 i think i am dumb, what's a zionist? 
 I smiled reading this. My parents were Zionists since their youth before WW II in Poland. My dad attended a lecture by Zev Jabotinsky. 
 Golwalkar loved Hitler for his Aryan master race theory. He loved the Zionists for their anti-Muslim nature. 
 Not all Jews are Zionists. Not all Zionists are Jews. 
 A British Embassy census in <number> found Jerusalem to be <percent> Jewish. The Encyclopedia Britannica <percent> Jewish in <number> . The ottomans also barred jews from the city. 
 This Right Wing pro Zionist Jew is as bad as the Zionist Jews that control Israel, in their genocidal war gainst Palestinians ! 
 Just admit you are anti Zionist Those are your positions 
 I hope that’s right. But I fear that the current crop of Jewish anti-Zionists is ineducable 
 Look up zionist pressure to English nobles. And holocaust. That's why Israel was created, and out on a place without regards fur long term consequences of alienating natives 
 Damn they got you, this means that Ilhan is a Zionist after all 
 Zionist journalist Zvi Bariel demonstrates that the Saudi people are against normalization and against the adoption of the Zionist narrative, and cites the anger raised by the novel "Jewish exile" by Raja Bandar The Zionists are aware that the tyrants who try to win the 
 And Nuns have been so many times spit on the face Zionist occupiers so much that they do not come outside anymore. Look it up 
 He’s a Zionist, I don’t trust him. 
 I see a Zionist 
 Just like the plantations just sayin 
 NOBODY says every criticism of Israel is antisemitic. But your anti-Zionist friends make that claim that Zionists do to deflect the obvious, that they would never make the same criticisms against any other nation doing the same thing Israel does. <number> / 
 You should probably check who is spreading hate... ahem* Israel, the racist apartheid state built on stolen land, maintained through oppression and sustained by fake antisemitism. The hate, intimidation and anger is coming from Zionists. Clear as day. 
 Bull answer , these evangelist and zionists are shifting the goal posts for this real estate developer. 
 It's israel's fault and Zionist scum who are pulling all the strings 
 Now that "Democracy" gave us Trump, Macron and a host of corrupt leaders in the Zionist state, is not it time to give the long demonized "Islamic System of Governance" a 2nd look? 
 Keir Srarmer is F....D- signing the BOD <number> points charter and taking money for his election from the Israeli lobby, has made him a hostage to Zionist Israel 
 He's a Saudi Zionist who has sold his soul to the devil،, we are warned about them, why do not he gives zoudi Arabia to zionists. 
 By the way, during the 1930s the Zionist movement made an agreement with Nazi Germany known as the "Transfer Agreement". That agreement circumvented the global Jewish boycott of Nazi Germany. 
 honey, do you even know what a zionist is??? or do you even know what queer bating is??? please go online and educate yourself 
 Demographics will make it so that a Republican will never win an election again. PC culture, Marxist academia, political corruption and Leftist agendas will make it so that populism never wins an election again. It will all be stiff, Zionist, pro-war, cronyist puppets after this. 
 It won’t be a surprise to me if the Zionists behind all the fires in California. 
 You want role models, go see a priest or rabbi...we needed a president that finally stood up to the chinese, the ayatollahs, stopped illegals, boomed the economy, got the europeans to pay more for their defense.... 
 From the same article: "That is reason enough not to mix up the words 'Jew', 'Israelis' and 'Zionists'. " In other words, zionism is a political movement at odds with international law. 
 De Benoist has many allies on the anti-liberal far left (particularly Telos). He's endeared himself to the far left with his anti-US and anti-Zionist views and to the far right with his concept of "ethno-differentialism." Would feel quite at home with some of Corbyn's friends. 
 Facebook owner is A Zionist... what do you expect 
 Secret Zionist, the accusement that everyone says against everyone .. 
 The president is controlled by the zionists that are taking over the Earth. So says their money that he borrowed from them 
 thinking abt how my 9th grade human geography teacher in my extremely conservative hs just like deadass showed us an anti-zionist documentary abt human rights abuses against palestine,,,quite the serve tbh 
 Really? What kind wokester does not believe zionist is synonymous with the great Satan? 
 interesting to see supposed anti-zionists use the same talking points staunch zionists use..... very interesting.......... 
 So, we have R zionists &amp; D comms pushing their own selfish agendas and we the people are caught in the middle and going to be screwed either way? Thoughts please. 
 trump supporters, modi bootlickers, and zionist armys are mineta bc they know that whenever they open their mouths, all of the other army’s will b*IIy them 
 For anyone who does not know what's going on with , So apparently people are saying Chris Evans is anti-acab, homophobic and a Zionist. People are saying that someone purposefully started the rumors. The supposed original tweet and account had been deactiva 
 The answer to both is no. Because there are plenty of ill-informed Zionists that are not "sephardi" or "ashkenazi" jews out there. You probably know many. The answer to no. <number> depends on the individual. Remember there are Jews out there that are anti-Zionism. 
 Has NOT William truly inherited his mum ’s “The People’s Princess” spirit to serve humanity rather than cannibalistic Zionist Nazi nobility? Do stan ? ? ? ? ? I hope so 
 Guardian, noble as it may wish to be, simply crushed by the Zionist unlimited money an their endless supply of warriors and dark agents 
 To be fair they’re all Zionist stooges. Most politicians are. 
 EACH MEMBER OF DEEP STATE IN USA ARE <percent> LIKE JHON BOLTON THSES RATS SERVING HOLY SATANIC AGENDA OF ZIONISTS RATS LIKE JHON BOLTON BRAIN WASH USA ITS CHINA ITS RUSSIA ITS ISLAM N MUSLIM. GONA TAKE OVER USA JESUS BURNS THEM IN THE END 
 Zionists control the weather. They have a climate injustice base hidden on the dark side of the moon. 
 In the late 19th century, it was law that horses and donkeys be fitted with manure bags. Picken and Phillips are the manure bags on the zionist donkeys. 
 Lets evaluate ur foreign policy&gt;&gt;are u Pro zionist movement?whats ur stand on APARTHEID isreal.... 
 So basically like you with Zionists? 
 The media is yet to tell anyone on the planet what the difference between Jewish/Torah, &amp; zionist Babylonian Talmud is, and MSM never will, so, who will the world blame ? 
 Some would say, as a Zionist he was *perfectly* qualified for his role as Israel-Palestine peace negotiator 
 Deep State Coup &amp; Destruction of the US - Bolsheviks, Zionists, &amp; the Cr... via 
 I am glad that you recognize that.The Police are not our friends.But we need em, the whole schtik of disbanding police is ludicrous.I believed that the disband the police nonsense is just a way of the Zionist elite checking &amp; reminding them that they are just slaves of the state. 
 what do u mean there’s nothing wrong with being a zionist??? please do your research before saying shit its literally supporting a genocide! also harry isnt a zionist 
 Who all are Zionist and or Jesuits at CNN? 
 Drumph has chosen to keep killing off babies to elders, he NO longer thinks vaccines are harmful...he prefers to steal land from palestine to give to war criminals netanyahooye, their other zionist/atheists/commie kin..rather then keep him promises for health/life/liberty of US 
 In France, light dispels darkness - Israel National News Well done ⁦⁩ 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 <number> million a day our taxpayer money wasted to support apartheid evil Zionist Israel murdering by bombing using our Americans weapons over all innocent civilians women and children in Palestine Syria Jordan &amp; elsewhere in Middle East. We needed our money to be reinvested in USA 
 Askenazi racist Zionist control and run Israel and the western world no need to apologize to the oppressors 
 Ok, troll. I will bite. Ilhan Omar is anti zionist, no doubt. But not president of the U.S., nor likely to be. Richard Spencer endorsed Biden to troll him. That one is too easy to figure out. 
 I knew something was wrong with the world when Inseen this. The fact that they wrote it letter for letter and can easily be read reversed shows zionist orgin 
 <number> MP's were elected for Palestinian paries in Israel the last election. <number> popular mandates our of <number> MP is not " <number> non Zionists" in Israel. It's hundreds of thousands. Tens of thousands of them are Jewish Israelis non Zionists. This little Zionist racist is not updated. 
 Oi leave zippy alone. He’s never been a Zionist. Would like to see what evidence you have 
 They do not violate anything, it's their land, that you took (first zionist congress, balfour declaration, nakba) 
 's won --they achieved ALL of their objectives--there's really only ONE viable political party today--the 's--they are --frontmen of "Its a big club and we ain't in it"--GC 
 Hes a zionist...you got a problem with that? 
 Anti Zionist and anti semitism are VERY different things. Which I am sure you already know 
 I only speak for myself. And yes I believe a Jewish state has a right to exist in the Middle East. If you want to call me a “Zionist”, that’s fine by me. 
 Yet America is fighting wars for Israel. Zionists forget that Jews denied Jesus Christ. 
 Segregation again? Black people are ok with this? The blacks are got played again by those white liberals. Have a brain. 
 Q predicts a lot. Did it ever make you think why they know what they know? Kim Clement prophesied years ago too. He knew what he knew because he was a zionist operator. 
 Zionists are the problem, some Jews are not zionists and are against israel so they are not the problem. Zionists whether they are Jew, Christian, Hindu, Muslim are the problem with this world and need to be eradicated. 
 Im not sure if the whole thing is a fake news story....we need to wait and see how this unfolds and yeah we all know that the zionists are psychopaths 
 And it shows those Trolls want to defend Right-wing Israel and the Zionists, it is sickening and made assure Israel takes over as well as the Saudis take over the US government. 
 The Zionists ruïned it for the rest of them.. 
 Here comes Democracy and Humanitarian Assistance Extremist Evangelical Zionist style BOMBS! 
 The amount of zionists that I see on here shitting on Palestinian human rights is disturbing..but they also make land acknowledgements to Native nations? Weird hypocritical shit but okay 
 It’s sickening that your new leader has squandered a six figure sum to a bunch of lying Zionist gold diggers just to spite , the man who brought the party back from the brink of bankruptcy five years ago only for the unelected McNicol to also throw much of this away 
 We have been deceived, family. Democrat and Republican leadership are by Zionist bankers. That's our problem. Antifa &amp; BLM are funded by Soros, just like Trump is owned by Rothschild &amp; Rockerfeller mobsters. I just pointed to the source of divide &amp; conquer scheme. 
 Keep licking those Zionist boots, lol. 
 I can move to Israel and be considered an Israeli almost instantaneously. Zionists framing of what Israel is all about shifts almost constantly depending on who they are debating. 
 Makes sense, but definitely doesn’t correlate with the post since she didn’t differentiate between Zionist and Israel. Argument for another day 
 Soon it will become a Zionist ice cream.. just like they have stolen their land, cultural and Recipes.. 
 Online far right Christian Zionists online far left white pro Palestine people Believing all Israelis want to exterminate all the Palestinians 
 ISRAEL's corrupted or blackmailed politicians like AIPAC's zionists 
 It’s because, like good boiled frogs, many are now ‘catholic zionists’. Fr Dennis Fahey wrote that the struggle between Catholicism and judaism is a ‘duel to the death’. We better keep our blades sharpened. 
 Herut activists are at ! took this photo there today - she reminds us not to believe those enemies of the Jewish People who claim they are only anti-Israel &amp; not anti-Semitic 
 becoming convinced that twee zionists On Here misrepresent israel as a tolerant and democratic society in order to convince young, liberal jews to emigrate to israel and feed their bodies to the israeli war machine 
 I do not like Geller/Tommy and understand that their role is to deflect for J's and stoke hate for their pets. I just do not think it's a good idea for a pro-white movement to have rose-tinted glasses for non-white anti-Zionists and think that we will be allies. They hate us too. 
 steve aoki is a zionist??????????? please say sike 
 Their entire lives for believing it to be the truth. This goes for both sides and even the Islamic Theocrats to some degree as well. I have absolutely no love for Netanyahu and other right-wing Zionists, nor do I have any love for Hamas or other Islamist Militants. 
 unless maybe you considered the racist oppression of Ethiopian Jews in Israel to be a prole class?? but if they are zionist i doubt they'd acknowledge that 
 I do not stan zionists 
 Hey Mike, Watch this. Until the zionist regime leaves the Palestinian land and pay for all past <number> years of bloodshed and suffering it caused to our brothers and sisters there, you will have to deal with your current insomnia. 
 U know lah if u mother fucker 
 Goodness, I promised myself years ago that I’d stop arguing with colonial Zionists. But I’m seeing so many delusional, colonial, takes that it’s actually difficult now. 
 Ahmad’s statements are clearly and rightfully anti-zionist, he was simply critiquing the illegitimate israeli government 
 Joseph Gluck is a double hero. He stopped the murderer and then he stood up to the Zionists who wanted to profit off of his heroism. 
 I am a center/right-wing, passionately Zionist, but I do understand the consequences of such a move. 
 Interesting background. I wasn't aware the declaration was written explicitly as a personal promise to the Rothschild banking cartel The more you know! Palestine <number> was designed to be a pan-Arab state where Jews were tolerated. Zionist terrorism forced the British out by ' <number> . 
 wait i actually forgot lady gaga is a zionist 
 Lol I’m anti-Zionist Yea you can be white and Jewish if one of your parents isn’t a Jew. For sure. But ethnic Jews originate from the Middle East and/or Ethiopia/Eretria. And that’s a biological fact. 
 Typical Zionist violence against an innocent protestor. 
 Pimps of Zionists are showing true colours. Very soon you will again become desert Bedouin. May curse of Allah be on you and to Zionists supporters. 
 These zionist evangelicals are pretty much involved in a Jim Jones type cult and have no clue that they are. 
 And zionist occupation controls PA's budget 
 Retooled his company to make medical masks for the American Public . What kind of bullshit, lies, and vitriol are you trying to sell us right now? YOU'RE FUCKIN SICK IN THE HEAD RAM, A DISGRACE TO ALL HUMANITY. A ZIONIST MEDIA PUPPET. 
 Zionist Israel is evicting people from their homes *right now* through demolitions (in the short term) and settlements (in the long term). 
 There is an international clique of people attempting to destroy us internally and through academia. They say it in their own words but you are not prepared to watch <number> hours of proof from various Zionists. All this transgenderism is hogwash, it's against your basic biology. 
 For the Leftwaffe it's not enough to be a "woman of colour" you also have to be the "right sort" of woman, preferably of the Left, anti-zionist(at least) and a Muslim. 
 In their own land, they have been deprived of their land.. who is going to provide them justice? The zionist who have taken away lot from them but all with brutal ppl 
 Orthodox Jews attend today's Palestinian , against Zionist Israeli occupation and annexation, racism and repression, in Bay Ridge Brooklyn New York 
 WTH. Wake up Jews / Zionists. Democrats no longer support you. That ended with obama and is there new norm. Trump guarantees Israel’s viability. Look at all he’s done for Israel. Vote for Trump is a vote FOR Israel. Tell all your friends. 
 Making Unauthorised statements. Racist ethnic cleansing colonist Zionists unilaterally declared their ‘state’ into existence. It wasn’t given a birth certificate at San Remo in <number> or at the UN in <number> either. 
 Judaism and Christianity have existed long before the scourge of Zionism. The problem is that Zionists want to eliminate Palestinians. As shown by this cruel action that the whole world witnessed. 
 Putting a literal zionist who raised a zionist hammer in the same week when israel killed more than <number> children to praise him. Y’all fkd up! 
 Why did the Zionists sign an official agreement with hitler? 
 This is the reason, right here, why Trump, deferred to the States, to make decisions on Religious ideology. His base is loaded with Christian Evangelicals, Zionists and would throw a wrench into his POTUS next <number> year plan. 
 Mullahs despised u very badly!! Thats why all u can do is barking!Any way they are also part Iranian, maybe only <percent> but thats enough for yank+zionist Racists!! Just imagine if there was an acceptable govt in Iran. Then.... Woe betide thee!! 
 Show me one man or women in without blood on his/her hands. One name of person who realy cares about peace,human and animalright. Who surely will stopping terror! Zionist terror included Lets say <number> degrees opposite of 
 This is how desperate the zionists are! 
 Are furrys also zionists? OwO 
 What Arab patriotism can teach us Zionists 
 Regarding US casualties. <number> . US troops are on land they invaded even at "home" in USA <number> . Not one hawk squawked about US military fatalities whence the USS Liberty was sunk by the Zionist régime entity. Not one! <number> . No one batted an eye whence was downed by USS Vincennes 
 So now you change the term "Jews" and "tribe" to "Zionists". At least you do not accuse all the Jews anymore. Even if what you say is true (and I do not think so), Israel's population is already big enough. It does not need the Muslims to make a few thousands of Jews come to Israel. 
 " <number> Zionist scholars say that the Shiites are revolting in memory of Imam Hussein(AS)&amp; will maintain their revolt in memory of Imam Zaman(AS)." That is, our most important enemies believe: "The Shiite identity is Imam Hussein(AS)&amp; their ideal is Imam Mahdi(AS). Hussain 
 Probably when Zionists tell them to take it down. 
 The Banking Cartel Empire controls it all. Israel’s goals are more transparently aligned with the Cartel’s goals, and the Cartel can rely on Zionists as good, ideologically-motivated footsoldiers and captains carrying out the Cartel’s geopolitical ambitions. 
 Why is it that zionist Always put words in peoples mouths and then Lie about what they never said. A Complete Lack of any Moral Compass and Honesty. 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 I will send you details on Holocaust reports on 6M Jews mainly NYT <number> to <number> ? You Tube take the evidence down as HATE SPEECH? Nationals in US/Canada print donation pleas to help Jews and Zionist call this HATE SPEECH-there are 10x thousands of copies of the NYT articles 
 Yes I have too many times. I have traveled to every state and all across Canada.. 
 We know who sold our religion to Zionists 
 zionist christianity is in the shape of a red delicious (worst apple). good 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : i think u need a brain not ass ;) if we were done u said not armenians exist in the world ;) we r no… 
 If I am not wrong. Jews are ok...Zionists are the crazy ones. Zionists are even disliked by Jews. You can consider them the equivalent of Hindutva extremists among peaceful Hindus. Please correct me if I am wrong. 
 What about the <percent> of Republicans who are Israel 1st Zionist traitors? Including Trumpenstein.. 
 Trump is my winning card We will destroy zionist USA together I mean actually not trump alone, with entire US zionist system! with democrats even better! corrupt usa, just like the corrupt soviet union, goes down by itself arrogance would all fall! USA falls too 
 Zionist American evangelicals are so hypocritical and stupid they will actually support this revision of the infallible Word of God. 
 I haven’t said it in a while, so I figured I’d say what I’ve been saying for <number> years, which is that I’m a Zionist. 
 The spectacle of poor United Statesian women and their children mourning Ruth Bader Ginsburg, a white feminist, white supremacist, Zionist, and neoliberal judge who regarded keeping non-white women sterile as her life’s work is why I am a connoisseur of irony. 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 "lifeflong Democrat"?? Slip of the tongue. What he meant to say was, "Lifelong Zionist", but oh well, just nitpicking bc in the end, Democrat, Zionist, same thing. 
 The Illuminati is working overtime to make everyone hate &amp; fear each other. "" people have to always be afraid &amp; hate all "white" people &amp; all "" people must hate &amp; be afraid of all "black" people. , Antifa, white supremacists, , neonazis, Zionists 
 Syria is controlled by zionists long time ago, caesar act is only another episode of the coming invasion of syria Yet the traitor in Damascus is the murderer who allowed all of this to become a reality, he helped this invasion by killing <number> million and displacing <number> millions 
 Need I say something about an antisemitic conspiracy bc the same people opened up our borders for jewhating 'refugees'. Bizar part of history. A <number> will come 
 You are a real whiny pest, are not you?! 
 Stop shilling for Israel. Stop endorsing RINOs/neocon Israel first zionists. Stop signing ridiculous spending bills. Stop signing crap like first step act that released criminals. How about actually supporting America First conservative candidates? 
 NOOOO SHES A ZIONIST 
 How do you know it was their idea? Seems like they are just enforcing the rules the black residents set up, from what else I have seen about chaz on here. 
 Zionist undoubted is used as a code word for Jew. It’s almost always used with anti Semitic tropes. It’s also not the Zionism that jewish people believe in. Likewise with isis version of Islam. 
 U called it Zhdanov decree, what about <date> and trails of people like Laszlo Rajk!! what happen to these <number> Jewish people who u called Zionists spies and forced them to sign confession??? 
 These zionists arw disgusting sick murderers . But they are too coward to tell the truth . Its like a whole country of lawyers. 
 the community hurts itself more than enough by saying things like <percent> of Jews are Zionists. where what you should be saying is "X% of Jews believe in a benevolent brand of Zionism" 
 is he a zionist? i thought that was like debunked but i haven’t seen anything about it recently so i could be wrong 
 Palestinians are not Canaanites. Yes. Palestinians are Arabs. Palestinian Arabs moved into Palestine in late 19th, early 20th centuries. from Egypt, Jordan, and other parts of rebion, some as far away as Bosnia. 
 My thoughts on Israeli shills, telling Palestinians how to live on their own land, stolen by the radical Zionist right..... 
 Keir will not answer any questions, like who was funding his leadership campaign, the man is a zionist and the worst person possible to lead labour 
 she’s literally a zionist in the open like 
 Where have all the playwrights gone who used to write plays about the injustices of life? Oh but the vile aggressive Zionist lobbyists would have a field day trying to close it down. We have lost free speech in the world. Free speech could have saved the holocaust victims. BDS 
 Iran is not an offensive threat to the United States. The Zionist powers that want war with Iran, that control American politicians via money (AIPAC) and blackmail (Epstein Island) and fear ( <number> / <number> ) are a much larger threat via a new false flag to cause a massive war with Iran. 
 happy birthday to teh little prince (who is not so little at all obviously) and many more good years in love, good health and freedom from zionist terrorism! PS love the art on the wall, did you make it? 
 <number> . Kenyan Zionists wander around, selling their FRAUDULENT idea called BBI and alleging that it will unite people because it will end competition and end poverty. All Political Parties will be in Government! Is that not a MONARCHY? Zionism is like a snake, surreptitious! 
 Do you still claim to be a Zionist? With all your family relationship with Israel? What’s your stand on genocide of Palestinians? For how long we Americans pay our Tax payers money to other countries? 
 Mark Zuckerberg is a Zionist so he is a White Supremacist. 
 Nice leap there. Find one post of mine that's anti-trans in any way. There were no pronouns in the video posted; the pronoun stuff is a red herring to deflect from someone threatening to "curb stomp every single Zionist." To make *that* the issue here is DARVO + sick apologia. 
 I do not think the EU pays Patel anything. Perhaps try Zionist Israel. 
 Yeah and Hezbollah represents the Lebanese Shia population concentrated in the south of Lebanon, which Zionists occupied for nearly <number> years until Hezbollah drove them out in the year <number> preventing Zionists from doing to Southern Lebanon what they did to the Syrian Golan 
 I would like to know why decided to become a Bernie surrogate given that Bernie himself is a Zionist since Zahr has expressed so much hate for Zionists. I would also like to know why made Zahr a surrogate when he has deemed this kind of talk antisemitic 
 between <number> &amp; <number> half of all palestinians were displaced from their homelands by zionist paramilitaries(deir yassin massacre). palestinians would have been wiped out if arab countries didnt help them plus isreal has invaded arab countries like egypt &amp; lebanon multiple times 
 possible ... but I prefer however to defer to Gd to guide me and not to men, moreover, yes I have faith in the message of Jesus and Muhammad, do not be surprised (Zionist) do not mean incredulous and heartless ... our ideological differences should not outweigh our feelings 
 You mean zionists who rule our country, and no, not Jewish people, not the same! 
 Sick but hey Zionists are 
 lmao you soeaking over me a muslim, is literally a fucking joke. his actions clearly have zionist tones and his favourite place being israel further justifies the existence of an apartheid state, that thread bespoke to so many muslims/palestinians . no one said every israeli is a 
 You have to call them Zionists to separate them from regular Jewish folk dear. Otherwise they’ll call it anti-Semitic. 
 He dont have a problem with coup plotter sisi zionist saudis and Emirates he should have problem with turkey? 
 Do not worry. Hezbollah is armed to the teeth, and battle-hardened from Syria. The Zionists and ISIS Americans can only dream, but their dream will turn into a nightmare 
 WTH?!? Is Poised to PASS FAR-REACHING *Wish List* 
 Fucking Trump Zionist nazi buddy 
 World is facing zionist’s crimes across the world, from Palestine to Europe and Africa and everywhere. 
 lol you’re down playing the literal genocide in Ukraine. You sound a lot like a Zionist now. “Well they bombed us so we have every right to attack every anarchist we find” 
 Apartheid zionist state offered to sell <number> nukes to Apartheid SA under Both and NEVER SANCTIONED BY SPINELESS UN, ILLEGAL LAND GRAB OF PALESTINIAN LAND AND NO CONDEMNATION. 
 HOW MUCH THE DIARY COW, FILTHY BIN SALMAN, PAID U FOR UR ARMS DEAL? HOW MUCH DIRTY MONEY U MADE WITH THE BLOOD OF YEMENI PEOPLE?! A RACIST YANKEE + A ZIONIST FILTH WHAT KIND OF RARE WILD ANIMAL CAN PRODUCE?! Answer: a CIA torturer called Pompeo (in persian, pomp-e-goh)! SHAME! 
 In <number> .. Former Zionist Minister Tzipi Livni said: (Morsi and Erdogan will pay the price to get them out of our path and our camp) They brought down Morsi and killed him .. And now they are trying to topple Erdogan With the help and support of the Arab Zionists .. 
 BIAFRA INDEPENDENCE Announcement from the White House BIAFRA ZIONISTS FEDERATION wants a quick Announcement of BIAFRA INDEPENDENCE from the White House to end the ongoing killings &amp; MASSACRE of BIAFRANS EVERYDAY by Islamic terrorists FULANI HERDSMEN of Mohammed Buhari ZIONISTS 
 Should not. Is. Zionists no longer have a home on the left. You can mince words for another few years or you can come join us on the right. You will not change the trajectory of the left. 
 MY PEOPLE BEING REPRESENTED AND IT ISNT EVEN A ZIONIST YUP 
 Two days ago we were alerted to a very offensive &amp; hateful image of a student at wearing a shirt that said "Anti-Zionist Vibes Only" while speaking at a university Multicultural Week celebration. / <number> 
 Well, we aren’t like the Zionist nation who invented much more sophisticated ways to blow up more people with less human effort. We’re more into academia. Plus, Arafat, the guy in the photo u linked, is a Nobel peace prize recipient, and for smth Abbas orchestrated. 
 you made the assertion that israel = its people. Ive only ever attacked zionist policy and the israel government there is no need to play defensive 
 RBL is likable but she, just like the other <number> are capitulating to the Zionist lobby as though <number> years of capitulation has not already demonstrated that does not work. Put it this way, I think the Tories will be in government for the next few decades if this is the best Labour has. 
 No true Muslim would point to <number> century in Europe before first pointing out the 20th and 21st state of Zionist genocide in occupied Palestine. 
 is another Zionist media with Islamic brand 
 I would not be surprised to find the criminal finger prints of ZIONISTS there! 
 the picture suggests that it all started with Trump, which, of course, is not true. The Saudis have been for a long time our favorite headchoppers. And do not forget the zionists. We fight their wars for them. 
 Read your Bible Rick!! We were told we were going into captivity!!! WELL IT IS HERE!! Trump is controlled by the Christ hating Zionists!! Is that communists enough for you???? You going to vote for pure evil??? We are at the end the USA is going down get over it!! 
 Abu Dhabi takes the decision of normalization with the Zionist entity without the consent of the rest of the six Emirates. It became necessary to liberate the rest of the Emirates by dismantling the state. 
 The reason you can agree that Jewish people should have a homeland of their own and not be a Zionist, is that Zionism has always recognised that Palestinians would have to be expelled from their land. 
 How does Zionist interest = Jewish people ? 
 Went from “I am apologizing for sexually inappropiate behavior” to “I was cancelled for being an Zionist and being a sex addict, I will never disavow my Zionist beliefs, anyways sorry to the woman I’ve hurt except THESE two” Absolutely deranged. You are absolutely deranged. 
 <number> % of those convicted on the sex offenders register in the UK are white this does not include the Catholic church or BBC Westminster paedophile ring Zionists Paedophiles Harvey Weinstein Epstein ,Maxwell,Jimmy Saville, Lord jannee ,Frank Beck 
 We got Nazis with their swastika flag on one side and Zionists slandering us on the other. This is feeling like the walls closing in. 
 Thats exactly how it works The IMF has been set up by zionist elites to ensnare independent countries by providing loans, aid etc as a way of gaining influence, buy/install a ruler thats obedient to them Do u really think the whole world shut down because of the flu??? 
 All written by Zionists. There are plenty. Compounding his lifelong indoctrination. 
 A Zionist Nazi? is he mental? 
 Prob back when the zionist bankers bailed him out of major bankruptcy. He did say he made the best deal and that's why he was elected president and not Hellary 
 Stay and offer Phillips and Streeting the same support they gave to Corbyn. I will not let neo liberal Zionists take our party. 
 Selfish betraying for vested interests to bow at/kiss rogue hands of mossad mercenaries/convicted murderers/occupiers of nuclear apartheid zionist regime <number> / <number> invading GH/WB/Gaza over <number> lines by idf thugs. 
 is not history records. Your Hamas/Abbas garbage is not history. You have no idea how much you are kept in the dark. But you can Google, you can go to a public library, you can find encyclopedias. But you will say everything is Zionist. Which btw do you know what Zion is? 
 Well, Zionists Do and think what you want Palestinians DNA is traced back in the land .. going back thousands of years 
 he’s not a zionist. 
 there are many contexts available, these photos are not a proof that shakira is a zionist 
 You know that’s a dishonest comparison....but, you’re a Zionist. Dishonesty is your bread and butter. Shalom 
 You did not know who these men were a day before they were murdered. Of course you support homicide. You are a zionist. That's what you do under the umbrella of "God wins" 
 The Zionist regime must be destroyed If Europe joins Israel, Europe itself will be destroyed. 
 No wars, no violence, no homes being destroyed. just peaceful palestine.. people living their life day to day. That was until the Zionists came and spread their hatred like the cancer they are. 
 pk military MURDERED my SHIA cousin, pk military abducted &amp; tortured my other SHIA cousin. anyone who defends the pakistani military will be BLOCKED. idk if they are "defending us from india" you are a big zionist cop if you try and defend them to me. 
 Dershowitz is a Zionist, he belongs to the club. For christ's sake he defended Epstein. 
 I suggest blocking the Zionists, in the same way as you would block the KKK or any other violent and disgusting racists 
 So that is why Natanyahu married Hemaraati because of obedience,let us see how long Hemaraati lady's marriage lasts with the Zionist. 
 Happy birthday! Thanks for all the incredible work you do, and for inspiring the next gen of young zionists! 
 Absolutely triggering to see how far a non-Jewish, Zionist i knew from high school (who I blocked) has gone with her career to sanction the deaths of Palestinians. I’m about to grift. 
 If you know the history of zionist Jews you will know the answer they want to control the world but their dream will never come true when prophet Jesus comes back these will be wiped off from the surface of the earth by Christians and Muslims together 
 Was Hashems command unlike the Zionists of today. 
 Well I do not like Israel..they are Zionist kooks who hate everybody..Israel stole their nuclear weapons from us..the Davy Crockett..they tried to sink the USS liberty..they sell our weapons secrets to our enemies..I really believe they were involved with <number> / <number> in some way.. 
 Also turns out she’s a Zionist lol the gift that keeps on giving ladies 
 You can’t just replace the word ‘Jews’ with ‘Zionists’ to clean up the age old tropes used as justification for killing us. Legit criticism of Israeli policy is encouraged but if you don’t know what you’re talking about you might sound like a Jew hater. 
 Another victorious moment of the resistance over the Zionist rod! This is better than your <number> victory, where we easily waltzed into your hummus republic, did what we had to do and left - then you guys declared victory, from the rubble no less 
 For someone that is so anti-Israel your words are mute as she was a staunch Zionist and did not have issues of dual loyalty. 
 Sorry, should have worded this better: they are specifically Zionist, and they tow the argument that antizionist = anti-semitic 
 That's why people memed the shit out of it. MEMRI is not a news outlet it's the zionist version of the Onion. 
 Oded Yinon plan died in Syria and the American Zionist empire can not adjust to the news. I believe US is trying to make its ME biggest base in Iraq, from where to attack Syria and Iran. US embassy = bigger than Vatican ( and even Holier) <number> employees 
 I think it’s something liberal Zionists made up to make them feel better about themselves. It says that the goal of Zionism has been accomplished and now the work needs to be done w Israel or something like that? 
 Except I am not. Again you and I come from an incredibly privileged position of American jewry. The rest of our people have not been so lucky. This is like anti-zionists telling my Jews should have stayed and fought for equality after the Holocaust 
 The <number> years old Zaid Fadel Qaiseyah who was killed (shot in the head) by Zionist occupation soldiers while storming Alfawwar Refugees Camp early this morning. Five other citizens were shot injured, occupied Palestine <date> . 
 was in George W Bush admin when was perpetrated Frum would have an early indication of true nature of <number> / <number> by &amp; conspirators Science says World Trade Center destruction required demolition charges <number> / <number> 
 bc she’s been very racist in the past lmao? like the blackface shit and she’s a zionist. on top of that she was defending r kelly. 
 Zionists talking about racism 
 No it doesn’t. Zionist’s are toerristis who support extremist ideologies that causes uno net pipelette go die plz fck off 
 Quds (Jerusalem) is the holy city for all divine religions. Zionists may not limit its access to the Jews only, and restrict its visit for followers of other religions. 
 Ping, Pong, Boom! The propaganda MSM Hollywood will fall. Fox and CNN are so full of Zionists hysteria hatred.. Dumb and dumber! Trump and Biden! America first, at any price? 
 Ignore this racist Zionist murderous sympathiser ..lets start with the pic if that racist Zionist bastards Menachem Begin who not only massacred Palestinians in their own land ( Palestine) but stole it too . Zionist bastards long live Jeremy corbyn RIP all the freedom fighters 
 Endorsing and sharing a viewpoint is a very fine line. I am not concluding that from a tweet. If you think Jewish scholars can describe themselves as anti-Zionist and also think anti-Zionism = anti-Semitism then you need to check your logic. Because that conclusion is irrational 
 EVANGELICALS FOR HIRE: ISRAEL PAID U.S. CHRISTIAN ZIONISTS TO PUSH PROPAGANDA 
 Not so Priti, the shekel gobbling traitor to the UK. Zionist =fascist 
 Contradiction: how can he be antisemitic since he is jew ? Simple zionists call antisemite who does not like them 
 The curious case of some evangelical pastors. They hate the Jews (people who were simply born into a religion and peacefully practice it) but they support the Zionists (terrorist land usurpers) because they believe that Zionism will bring about the Second Coming. 
 We still calling gal a Zionist in <number> :/ 
 Fr tryina spread their Zionist ugliness 
 are very close with that fake state of <percent> criminals. According the religion of zionists are non Jews there servants. Given the fact of there beastsy behavour against Palastinians rape of none zionist is for them no problem. 
 Lincoln was not entirely right USA will be destroyed from the inside &amp; outside by sick infiltration who corrupt every level of gov for israhell to rule the world, USA must be destroyed in ww3 &amp; not only USA for short time before judgement day &amp; HELL 
 Hi Zionist,The protesters are demanding the Embassy is shut down &amp; all US Occupation Forces are expelled 
 To all zionists: We will throw you to the sea like trash. FREE PALESTINE AND WE SHOULD RETURN 
 That's another one of the Iranian fakes, that has nothing to do with the reality. And by the way, I am an ardent Zionist. So how "evil" do you think I am on a scale from <number> to <number> ?? 
 You have to be a Zionist to vote. Based on his positions, I’m not sure Sanders qualifies as a Zionist. Has anyone heard Sanders call himself a Zionist? He’s said he’s a proud Jew and said he wants a safe Israel, but Zionist? I doubt it. If only a journalist would ask him. 
 Everything is about Israel for you, is not it? It's the lens through which your interpret all new information: "Ahh, that'll stick it to those (((zionists)))..." vs. "Ahh, those (((zionists))) will be jumping for joy!" It's pathetic. 
 You can be an absolutely inept, corrupt, witless, propagandist bigoted fk like Bari Weiss, but if you are a Zionist, you will have blue check ppl leap to your defense. That is what privilege looks like. 
 if you’re a zionist, islamophobic or support israel unfollow me right now and block me. 
 Kind of like the partition agreement and the Zionist promise of a two-state solution for the . 
 Zionist Organization of America Calls on Bernie Sanders to Fire His ‘Jew-hating’ New Advisor, Phillip Agnew 
 It is important to recognize the role of zionists in the Armenian Genocide. Both Ahmed Riza and Ahmed Tevfik Pasha, the Foreign Minister of Ottoman Empire, made exceptionally friendly statements about Zionism stating it was necessary to counter the influence of Armenians. 
 .Were Ottoman Muslim Turks Zionists? Because, there was no place palestine. It did not exist. So, there weren’t any palestinians... 
 He’s a racist zionist too 
 These Christian Zionists are dangerous fanatics 
 Loool typical Zionists, taking credit for things they didn’t do. First of all, most Jewish intellectuals are left wingers. It’s because they are smarter. Secondly, the internet was invented in Carnegie Mellon University, with the first LAN network. 
 And the mean zionists are going to get you. 
 Wrong! Not a Zionist! Blair is a war criminal! 
 Wikipedia is also used by zionists. I thought you liked that? 
 But they’re “only anti Zionist not anti Semitic” Well, they can throw that bs excuse out the window now. They’re not fooling anyone. 
 The Board of Deputies is a Zionist organisation. You do not have to be Jewish to be a Zionist, mr paid Informant for the Zionist state 
 A Billionaire, A Zionist = ______________? hint; ends with ist. 
 feel a little conflicted about retweeting a former IDF prison guard and zionist dual national (allegedly) on patriotism but here we are 
 "According to documents in the Central Zionist Archive, the first mention of the <number> million claim was at a meeting of high ranking Zionist political figures in Palestine on <date> " <date> ! &gt; a Year Before the end fo WW2! Explanation from Eyal? None. 
 there are plenty of gentiles who have better understandings of antisemitism than, say, zionists who think criticism of israel is antisemitism. 
 NO EXCUSES!! Their country is under Zionist colonialism, they lose God knows how many innocent people to the brutal Israeli forces, AND YET. YET. They speak up for black rights and do what they are able to, even when the world ignores them. 
 Zionists play one side against the other 
 THE FACTS SHES TRYNA DEFEND ZIONISTS 
 still thinking about that girl on here who claimed she was a leftist zionist and I just can not fathom that level of cognitive dissonance 
 Are they OR no vote! 
 I think part of this is because intersectionality is not welcoming to Jews, except for those who hate the very existence of Israel. See Linda "you can not be Zionist and feminist" Sarsour. 
 Cosmic Landmine <number> Reeves claimed <money> in expenses, <money> more the average parliamentary claim of <money> Reeves is Vice-Chair of Labour Fiends of Israel. So not a socialist, not pro-Labour nor indeed pro-British. Reeves loyalty is to the illegal Zionist occupation of Palestine. 
 Seems that nothing makes the useless ‘official British Jewish establishment’ more outraged than an unapologetic Israeli/Zionist. They’re worried she’s going to offend their friends like Naz Shah and Baroness Warsi by telling the truth.... 
 As was wiped out overnight when a self proclaimed zionist came to the helm 
 The funniest part is these zionist always claim they got their own culture lmao 
 I need a mug that says zionist tears 
 God made Moses the judge of 𝗮𝗹𝗹 Israel, every generation, even up to the last day. Cite one verse which states otherwise. Zionists got snared in their own trap when they rejected Moses and believed the opinions of men. 
 Being a “Zionist isn’t encouraging”? Got where you’re coming from and it isn’t good. 
 It was written in Russia Maybe that's why the zionist media is very anti-Russian today.. 
 I get your point but I think the Jewish minority within minority Burgon really cares about is anti-Zionist secular Jews. He may through black Jews into the mix for form's sake but I do not think that's his focus 
 Israel Zionists including IDF settler Israeli occupying force are state sponsored terror groups supported by American Zionist politicians who receiving campaign contributions in form of hidden bribery from AIPAC, American Israel political action committee! 
 Dude sniffs little girls, and it's on video. Dude kisses his granddaughter on the lips. He admits to being a Zionist on public television. I want to know how many reasons I need to find to justify not backing somebody. It's very strange that people still back him. 
 *toward liberal causes. They said religious Zionists are more violent that Hezbollah terrorists. Take back your lie that he can not condemn Hitler. He's called him evil multiple times. 
 Should not you have had enough of regime changing in the Middle East &amp; North Africa for your Oded Yinon Greater Israel Project? Not enough death &amp; destruction for your monstrous Zionist appetite to see the world destroyed? 
 Seeing somebody say they have left the Communist Party and joined the Lib Dems to vote for Wera Hobbhouse for leader because Keir Starmer is a zionist has to be one of the most bizarre things I have ever seen on this site. 
 "Nobody cared until I put on the mask... because of the zionists." 
 Sounds like the Zionist are trying to use this Virus as grounds for World War. Possible targets being Las Vegas and other gambling sites, Sports Complexes, Movie Theaters, Beaches, Schools and Malls. Suggestion to China: hit Wall Street First. 
 Our discussions here are not about Jews, they are about Zionists. They are not the same. 
 To those saying that can defeat Trump, . If you care about black &amp; brown people. Don’t say you care about brown ppl in cages &amp; black ppl been killed at the hands of police when you are throwing your support behind a Zionist who supports Netanyahu. 
 This is Psychotronics Terrorism complements if your Satanic-Zionist-Jews of AMERICA. This Covid is only the beginning of creating a NWO of HELL-ON-EARTH. Jesus knew what he was talking about. 
 Twitter is controlled by zionists so no surprise there. Nothing is fair anymore. What had you expected anyway? 
 Many have said this man is poorly educated and has relied on nepotism to get to where he is today. His most recent work product suggests that he is far dumber than anyone has speculated. I really believe that he's not even a committed Zionist. Just stupid. 
 Zionism is just a belief in jewish self determination. Thats it. Im a zionist. Also believe in palestinian statehood. You dont seem to know what zionism is. Nor what genocide is. Maybe... go do a bit more research 
 In the name of the God of vengeance Zionist, usurper and criminal Jews Quickly exit the occupied territories and escape Soon our fire of revenge will drown you in your blood 
 Forget any solidarity with the people of Palestine from this Zionist millionaire. 
 He was a rarity, he was a leader who actually cared about his people and looked to do good by them. The Zionists who are the international clique he spoke of created 2ww to stop him from achieving his goals. Nationalism is their Achilles heel. 
 So you do support kicking out and stealing Palestinian land! You are a racist! Your Zionist movement are the greedy ones for stealing their land in the first place! 
 and I am happy *not* to read your crap about longtime warmongering "I am a zionist" Biden, who called Assange a "high tech terrorist". But yeah I get it, you are now paid to apologize for Democratic assholes like Joe. 
 MUST WATCH!!! AIPAC &amp; Anti-BDS EXPOSED by UNDERCOVER Footage MUST WATCH!!! Undercover Footage Zionists DON'T Want You to See! 
 Just admit you dont care about the Israeli government running a brutal apartheid ethnostate and dip. There are plenty of zionists on here who agree. 
 R WE FORGETTING CHRIS EVANS IS A PRO MILITARY PRO COP BOOTLICKING ZIONIST BC THIS IS GETTING EMBARRASSING 
 BDS can be defeated on the political battleground - opinion Another hysterical Zionist afraid of a nonviolent movement 
 We don’t recognise Israel, just because the Zionists are illegally occupying the land that belongs to the Palestinian people, just as we don’t recognise India illegally occupying Kashmir. It’s a principled stance, and we want to stand up to oppression. 
 The Zionist media is behind the manufactured fake pandemic not china. 
 Rioters make their way into the walled city, attacking Jewish businesses and Jewish passers-by. British military clamps down and isolate the walled city; some Zionist paramilitaries intervene as well. Five Jews dead, four Arabs, and many more wounded. 
 Every politician is a Zionist,you have to be, or Epstein's killers will get you canned, Ehud Barak is the where you need to really arrest, that Polish terrorist of Palestinian lands,needs to be sent to the Hague, him and Nutandyahoo 
 With you Zionists only your "facts" matter. The rest of the world, more than <percent> people are lying. Right? 
 they blame zionist media for spreading fake news about dear leader cant make it up 
 Oh please! The US allowed Israel to bomb the USS Liberty. The US send the military to the ME as Israel's personal soldiers, at taxpayers expense. Biden is selling politics and the American public should be offended he and his Zionist pals are playing with your intellegents. 
 the government is strangling everyone but bankers big corporations and zionist. None of fixing anything, it business as usual. <number> trillion dollars of debt in the last <number> years and they offer the people a <money> bribe to accept it. 
 Okay, but many trans people are. I still get upset about transphobia sometimes. And he’s hurting both Zionists and trans people with that rhetoric. 
 They did not forget. The apartheid state of Israel does not care about Palestinian life. Settler colonialism has no bounds and now has two more Arab allies to normalize with them. Very disappointing tweet from . Do not fall for the Zionist, military-industrial BS! 
 And Patrick Swayze was a Zionist so in your face haters! 
 May God bless them. Their only request is the demise of the Zionist terrorist occupation from their land. They love to live without the banner of the Zionist terrorist occupation soldiers in their country. 
 Trying to work with Twitter support to make Denial of Zionist Jewishness dehumanization tactic reportable 
 Not all Jews resident in Israel are Zionists. Harm just one Israeli resident and Palestinians see fire and brimstone. It is a real conundrum. <number> years of failure. We need new ideas. Ones that do not invite more death. 
 Hehe an anti Zionist yo red giving Israel advice How much is Soros paying you You are more dangerous to Jews than Hamas 
 Yes they knew what you zionists were up to. 
 So you say anything about how the Israeli Zionist government have been oppressing Palestinians for decades now and you’re somehow anti-Semitic? Cuz I don’t agree with your government using disproportionate power to oppress innocent people? 
 The CCP is not Chinese but internationalist globalist illuminati sock puppets its not Confucian values you should target but ultra zionist communist dead end 
 See, it's shit like this that makes me an anti-Zionist (I am not anti-Semitic, you Sun-guzzling fuck! Get out!) Emergency spying powers to snoop on people who will be totally unsuspecting, due to having really shit flu. No doubt they have pooperiscopes? 
 Zionist controlled government-run targeting program the eyes and ears of the state are everywhere Me 
 Here's an idea: DON'T ATTACK ZIONISTS sunshine. Sheesh. 
 someone exposed him I can not remember who but if u search his @ and zionist a bunch of things pop up 
 Time for an opposition to come in! Tidies have been in power too long and made Zionist lobby a body to answer to! I’ve said this before and I’ll said it again last time I checked I live in the United Kingdom not in the the kingdom of Israel! So let’s get that right, first! 
 Why does Biden hate "White" people so much? Because he is a proud Zionist and Zionist hate the U.S. and only care about Israel, PERIOD! 
 Biden is a Zionist -how does that work in a world of color when you support a racist right wing white nationalist war criminal under indictment committing genocide?What we have here is a completed coup-Putin Netanyahu and Saudi’s have made an alliance. 
 Be aware please that all of them are part of the same entity. This entity is not about aliens, But the AngloAmerican Empire using British monarchy, Jesuits in the Vatican and Zionists in America, Israel, Russia and rest of the world: the ones behind the false flags and Pandemic 
 Then where is &amp; where did this “PALESTINEian” man come from-?? Zionist ethnic cleansing narrative mr. editor of Reuters 
 people should be careful about their wording when it comes to voicing anti-israel or anti-zionist perspectives, and it should never extend to jewish people as a whole or contribute to anti-semitic conspiracy theories. it requires nuance, u kno? 
 Spotted on a Kuwaiti street. TEACH YOUR CHILDREN: That Palestine is occupied. And that the al-Aqsa mosque is imprisoned and that the Zionist entity is an enemy. And that resistance is honorable and that a state called Israel does not exist. Normalization is treason!!! 
 Zionists rascist, hiding behind Judaism. Repugnant and degrading 
 Boycott Puma Boycott Apartheid Ethnic Cleansing Israeli Zionist Swine and Supporters 
 Ro Khanna has alway been adored by the Surveillance state, that is Silicon Valley. Support of FB's Sheryl Sanders, even Trumps, Peter Thiel of Palantir, who works with DHS, on ICE deportations. Same Silicon Valley with deep ties to Israel. A Zionist. 
 The Neo Zionist Order: Who Rules Your Rulers ("Satan appears as an 'Angel of Light'." - Holy Bible/Biblio/Book) 
 The death of a 2nd child in Gaza, Muhammad al-Hajj, in less than <number> days. The Children of Gaza are dying from hunger &amp; disease. The world must rise up! 
 I do not know why people still defend this terrible Zionist government. 
 That's good, the whole west supports the kurdish terrorist organisation. So, its correct. And thousands of times better than the Zionist dominated media. 
 Oh very sad.. but to believe he committed suicide some more at railway station is absurd for the kind at high position control money .. I fume Mossad and CIA doing for not toe Zionist instruction 
 idk girl, ive seen a lot of ppls saying it since last year, although i dont think the zionist part is true, dk about the rest tho 
 I did first started, then I critiqued the subject. Glenn Beck is a bayon twirler! He only turned because he was losing his audience. He's been wrong about everything! WMDs, he is a Zionist/Jesuit scumbag warmonger no different than Shapiro, not buying it 
 Zionists are always lying 
 This of the people has been in the planning by since the 1880s. It's going to take some serious 'Will' by the to stop this act from happening... &amp; so far... for <number> + years, there's been no 'Will' at all! 
 This doesnt show hes a zionist ???? lmfaooo 
 Most orthodox jews are absolutely zionists. A very small fringe group are not. 
 Elite NY Prep School Fires Teacher Who Posted # Anti-Zionist Tweets 
 Why is That disgusting?It is just an onther strategy to kick israeli zionist of our holy land 
 There is no lesser evil to choosing when it comes to Iran and Zionist protector America. Both are wicked. 
 is funding Democratic Majority for ads attacking in ; are desperate to derail the only <number> candidate critical of 's illegal occupation of ; is a disgrace~! 
 Alright let me be honest I don’t vote and haven’t since <number> and I don’t beg for anything from the current system I want this shit to crash and burn and have since <number> .. this system was built by white nationalist Zionist worshipping freaks.. fuck them devils. 
 Like Zionists, lies are ok so long as they advance the agenda 
 I am inclined to believe is to as is to . Both &amp; are 'warped offspring of their parents' &amp; have compared to original concepts regarding &amp; of others. 
 round table a dictate their divine mandates from heaven about what behaviors are "correct" and what behaviors are "incorrect". Did you know that Freud, who was deeply mysoginistic, (INVENTER of penis envy), was also, while being a Jew himself, an anti-Semitic anti-Zionist? 
 You say "muh population dindu noffin", I get it. I say <percent> of your population is made up of lunatic fanatical Christians, who willingly SUPPORT your lunatic Zionist government. And you can NOT support it by living a simpler life. What is it you do not understand here? 
 Most Jews aren’t Zionists and not all Zionists are Jews. 
 Yea not all jewish ppl are zionists, lots of ppl use that as an excuse to be antisemetic to all jews when only the zionists are the opps 
 donkey BLOCKED 
 It seems God was the first Zionist. 
 Joseph Trumpeldor : Joseph Vladimirovich (Volfovich) Trumpeldor was an early Zionist activist who helped to organize the Zion Mule... - 
 <number> - “I am a Zionist.. Imagine our circumstance in the world were there no Israel. How many battleships would there be? How many troops would be stationed?” If this statement is not a pure imperialism I don’t what imperialism is then. Source: 
 He’s an agent of Tel-Aviv and the Great Zionist Project! 
 I stuck my whole ass NECK out for ppl down there coming to organize up here only for them to run that shit straight into the hands of classist zionist capitalists that work directly with cops &amp; their white liberal supporters. 
 shit zionists are BIG MAD LOL. nada you’re god. 
 &gt;Assuming we care about modernists. Alright, I have had enough of this. Placing you in my "Twitter bog", now, so I do not have to read any more of this Zionist garbage. 
 ** Who said anything about ?! You do not have to be to be a . 
 Whoever wins the world will not be the same, at the same time the American presidents do not have control over finance, foreign policy, and another couple of things because it is controlled by the Zionists and their media and banking system. 
 Another Zionist lackey 
 What did Zionists „defend“, before Israel existed? Land robbery? For example in Deir Yassin? 
 so she’s trying to PROFIT OFF OF THE LIVES OF PALESTINIANS and make a movie ? stfu lol she is a zionist stop talking 
 Ha say no to Marxist/Zionist propaganda 
 The bloody zionists within labour pushed him out.. they would rather remove him than win the Election If he created a Labour Socialist Party I'd back him all the way!! 
 Martin Delany also was inspired to conceive a plan to set up a 'Black Israel' on the east coast of Africa. He was the first Zionist but his Zion was for black Americans. 
 The author of IHRA definition disagrees with the Zionist implementation of it. What do not you understand? 
 Is Israel using the coronavirus to selectively assassinate anti-Zionists? - Robert Steele: Is MBS Dead? Is Israel Using Coronavirus as Cover for Assassinating Selective Opponents World-Wide? Bernie Sanders At Risk? 
 but then again it’s the same teacher who’s a zionist, supports anti-immigration and pro-gun/military ideals, and who today even said that boys who wear lotion (or who just have basic hygiene) are “ladyboys” and not “real men” so am i really surprised . no 
 I left because of Kier Starmer. I do not want to belong to a party that is run by the Zionists. 
 "Contrary to Israeli media projection, Morocco..strongly supports()has refused to normalise..w/..Zionist state. As() has a vibrant civil society, espousing pro-Palestinian views, Rabat does not appear to be following..Arab Gulf, most of which, except for Qatar" 
 Nada, Do not dispair. After my progressive movement destroys Israel and America, we will still blame the Zionists for all the daily atrocities that occur on all Arab land, and everywhere else! Keep wasting your life tweeting hatred and dividing! It’s what WE do best! 
 He is called gunnman because he is not a muslim. Those filthy zionist pigs along side with american snakes controlls the media to spread fake news hate lies including <number> . Thats why he is called a gunnman. Hypocrisy! 
 is a supremacist, no wonder he aligns with radicals. 
 Why you don’t saying Russia go home ? Why you don’t saying France go home ? Why you don’t saying uae and Saudi go home? Why don’t saying Egypt go home ? Why target only turkey? Is that Zionist give you orders to talk shit. 
 You can believe in and advocate for the concept Jewish state in Israel AND not support the Israeli government and their policies. Zionism =/= agreeing with Palestinian oppression. (I’m not a Zionist btw, just making a point. And I don’t agree with him donating to Israel either) 
 The only 'good' thing here is that at least the Zionists have been honest in admitting their racism. It's not good of course, but you know what I mean. 
 “This is how ‘Zionists’ get dehumanised in progressive spaces”: A Jewish activist bravely reveals how casual antisemitism persists in some social justice circles via 
 Well basically I started out in anti-capitalist/anti-war/anti-zionist circles. They deal with a lot of what would be called conspiracy theories if they were coming from the Right. So from there I moved into <number> / <number> and <number> / <number> truth stuff and the Alex Jones tier. 
 What's a Zionist? 
 Anyone that believes this "proof" is a Zionist stooge, or insane or both. 
 Hindu nationalists are the most opportunistic Zionists in the world. 
 Weird analogy. Do you regard Ahad Ha-Am as a Zionist? Martin Buber? Judah Magnes? 
 We are not against the people of Iran. Claiming that U.S. is “controlled by wealthy Zionists” is very similar to saying Jews, and is insulting to Americans. It’s basically the same message the Nazis said about us. You use hatred of U.S. and Israel as a way of staying in power. 
 Zionist terror entity turns fangs on its own: 
 Her priority should be eradicating hunger and homelessness an saving the NHS not bowing to Zionist 
 It should though. As a true conservative I voted and supported him, because of what he ran on. Immigration, bringing troops home, making America safe, trade, etc. Now we have all sorts of nonsense hijacking the MAGA movement like zionists, pro-blacks, rap nonsense, just wrong. 
 a zionist AND a homophobe pick a struggle y’all 
 I have lost count! That's because I have always supported Corbyn; I am a anti-Zionist; &amp; I support the movement too! That makes me an anti-Semite X <number> , and an easy target... or so the racist Zionists think! 
 When I see pussies who only talk and live in abroad,I always say these guys are not worth supporting for but I know most of Palastinians are not like them. They even carry Turkish flag when they face with zionist security forces. 
 Yes, like a man with odd logic who thought that Miriam Margoyles was an anti-semite and that I was awful liking her. He did not understand that anti-zionists are not anti-semitic. He was trying to get a rise. I explained this to him and then blocked him. Also MM is Jewish - 
 In that case which country did the British invade under General Allenby in <date> , &amp; obtained a Mandate to administer it from the LoN in order to create a Zionist homeland there, printing stamps &amp; minting coins? My 19C Welsh bible contains maps of Palestine. 
 Zionist pretending he does not know better. You are complicit. 
 This is so fuckin Kafkaesque :( If you are not careful, the professional zionist like funded by right wing pro-Israeli groups like AIPAC, Daniel Pipe et al. will have you hating the people who are being oppressed, and loving the people who are doing the oppressing. 
 The Zionist Traitor 
 Beautifully put.... ""All the candidates are Zionist. I don’t care to parse the nuances of their Zionism. Seeking—or, worse, celebrating—a kinder colonizer is a waste of time""".... 
 Your translator just broke. But if you mean I will be a Zionist until the day I day, you are correct. Zion is my country 
 IN THE ZIONIST DICTATORSHIP THEY CAN JAIL YOU FOR REFUSING TO BUY N EAT FRUITS GROWN BY APARTHEID ZIONISTS IN UNHOLY COLONY CALLED ISRAEL, ON STOLEN PALESTINIAN LAND ! USA IS NOT FREE! BE SORRY FOR THEM! 
 Inform From the Top Down though Fiona Ivanka trump Rejected Christ &amp; calls it Love For Imho Globalist Cult Zionist Privileges &amp; Favours <number> <number> Mark of the Beast <number> <number> Fifth avenue Nyc Kushners business address No Votes Unelected Ave 
 The zionists. 
 and can u pls explain zionist? i’m dumb 
 Jacobin Magazine Is Funded by Zionist Money; Gyps Authors - National Justice: 
 I do not get it. Why you support your government to invade other countries...? Sacrifice your life, money only for wish of some zionists rat who can not fight their own war... Wake up..... 
 By default you have to be a corrupt person to act as an agent (president or prime minister) to the American Zionist empire. This applies to almost every president or prime minister that is considered as a friend of the USA. 
 We just learned that calling someone a Zionist in the UK is anti Semitic. needs to updated the guideline on this before innocent people get hurt. 
 I am still laughing at that. "All citizens have citizenship". Well, yeah. It's the residents of Israel who have neither that are the issue. 
 I don’t know how he lasted so long! It must have been hell working with Tories and Zionists. 
 Can You Be a Zionist Feminist? Linda Sarsour Says No | The Nation 
 The fact that you view 'Zionist' as a bad thing is so much in character that stating so 'out loud' is redundant. 
 Zionist sympathisers have now taken to screaming ‘moo’, rather than actually attempt to justify their murdering, annexing and savagery of Palestine. I’m fine with them hiding tbh, but it’s sad that they can’t justify their unjustifiable actions, though not surprising. 
 some people are trying to discredit it like he hasn’t shown support and carried the israel flag multiple times lmao like he’s ugly and a zionist can he pick a struggle smh 
 ' <date> , "The Day of the Land" has become a Palestinian Feast that we will celebrate every year. In turn, it was decided to make of this day an international protest against the racist Zionist occupation of Palestine.' 
 Zionists control Israel? Color me shocked 
 's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more. 
 Every country that America has invaded in the last <number> years did not have a Rothschild private blood sucking bank now they do thnx ultra zionist controlled US 
 she's pro zionists 
 Dave, do you agree that zionists are the root of all evil? 
 “Trump’s policy on the Israeli–Palestinian conflict—like his judicial appointments—is perfectly tailored to reflect the sensibilities of right-wing Christian Zionists.” 
 Before there were Nazis there were zionists like Kushner. 
 <number> million Palestinians live in the Gaza Strip under the guillotine of Israeli Zionist injustice! 
 Muslims have been historic rivals of Christians for many centuries throughout history, both forming two of the largest religions in the world, most notably centred around the Middle East. Jews - because Zionists moved in to forcibly create Israel against the will of the majority 
 Why are you changing the subject of you stealing land that you don’t own? Why do zionists have the brain the size of a walnut? Why is the subject hamas when the subject should be the fact it is a prison? A gilded cage would still be a cage. 
 Zionist jews funding all the NGOs flooding Europe and america with billions of migrants to ethnically replace Europeans and European Americans. 
 The Israel Zionists are practicing the gas chambers in the open field of Syria by using the chemical gas weapons in cooperating with the white helmets who are the ISIS ISIL terrorism groups in Middle East set up by the Israel Zionists. 
 PS : homosexuality is not illegal in Palestine even if there are cultural difficulties. Zionists threaten also palestinian homosexuals to bring them to collaborate 
 what's your opinion on Zionists and Zionism — ma’am this is a milk stan account .......but ,, zionism is a no from me 
 World Zionist Organization presents plan to bring <number> French Jews to Israel IN JESUS/ HA I AM CALLING ALL IN TO MAKE NOW!;PUT YOUR LIVES BEFORE YOUR &amp;GO TO THE OF !AMEN! 
 that's your justification for the iof and Zionists killing and stealing from innocent people? lol "well someone should help them defend themselves." that's your reply?? lol do you hear yourself? How about NOT KILL TORTURE MURDER STEAL AND OCCUPY!? 
 Zionists are the same as ISIS .. initially subject to the control of its bosses, the world initially adored him because there was an impression of human liberation. but after walking the boss will no longer be able to control, even more threatening the existence of the world . 
 Hey Yoni and anyone else. Everyone cool with the other content on offer from the Zionist Report being amplified here: 
 I know Dianne Lob. Obviously you do not, because calling her an "an anti-Zionist, pro-Sharia-supremacist" is baseless and absurd. In fact it is libelous. Shame on you Gaffney. 
 Peston &amp; Streeting are Zionists 
 Zionist greed can never be quenched 
 . We hope for these talks a permanent failure, and we as Omanis reject normalization with the Zionist entity. . . ُمانيون_ضد_التطبيع 
 Biden is a Zionist who goes back to the Nixon era. Wake up to the NWO. 
 Actually my version was correct while yours is just a Zionist fairytale. 
 Was he? Well, I never knew that. Thanks for the lesson about him and for make me research what a Zionist is. I am really greatfull. 
 NWO Unelected!!! King n Queen Zionist Globalists Profiteers 
 ( <number> ) "There is too much talk today of what the Zionists are going to do here. There is no need of it. Let them come and do more and say less" and that "A Jewish government might come later." 
 why are y’all switching the narrative all we did is tell you guys that the man you stan is a proven zionist we didn’t attack nobody like at all we didn’t say one bad thing ab her we were just honest with her ab who she stans 
 Do not worry I am allergic to Tinfoil. You Zionist NeoCons will do anything to have your war with Iran &amp; Trump knows you all are Framing Iran Pompeo a cold blooded murderer would not think twice to have a US Frigate shoot down that Ukrainian plane We saw it coming, fooled one ! 
 you can’t be a leftist and a zionist 
 The day will come when we will succeed in regaining our country. This is beyond doubt and this criminal will leave our land, Palestine, he and all the Zionists. 
 Yes; not going to argue with Herzberg in <number> chars! A path drawing would surely show people influenced by tradition following Pinsker, Herzl, etc, as well as rabbis rejecting the political Zionists, who would be joined by Marxists unmoved by tradition 
 Do not start trying to convince zionists to open up walls now... 
 harry is a zionist? :/ huh? 
 "Israel was born out of Jewish terrorism!" (Sir Gerald Kaufman, raised as a Zionist and an Orthodox Jew). 
 What type of jew are you? find the devout jewish zionist bit in your account very odd 
 We are waiting to harness the animalistic energy of BLM for that. It's been happening here and there too. And I believe specifically its Zionists and Talmudists...but yes, I do also think you have to live with your head in the ground as a nice Jewish person to not see/expose it. 
 has become seed for Terrorism in . has supported every US terror Campaign. is Just older version of recognised by US. Need Nuclear weapons to counter US Terror. US Created War. US Created War. US Created War. Zionist is Evil To Be Rooted Out 
 A person who us still in the country he pretends to come from is a displaced person at best. A complete liar at worst. 
 most of our families “had to FLEE” and we didn’t become zionists, what the fuck are u saying 
 The post wasn't about modern day israel, it was about Jews and Nazis in WWII, and not all Jews are zionists. I am all for free Palestine but dragging your hate into this conversation does absolutely fuckall for anyone and only serves to divide and weaken. 
 Elaborate. Your 'good people' should be identified. Can you back any of this up with acceptable sources? Who is propagandizing whom and with what? So far you have offered nothing BUT anti-christian, anti-zionist propaganda. Do you even know what Zionism is? 
 I have denounced violence on both sides. I am enthralled by how the Zionists can not do that at all. Instead, all their sides acts of violence are defensive and totally justified bc they are freedom fighters, yet everything any Arab does is a demonstration of their inherent evil nature 
 Hes not anti Israel hes anti Zionist. Israel is an apartheid state. Hes pro Palestine as am I and many of my Jewish friends too. Check out Jewish Voice for Labour . Stop reading the tabloids man 
 Do not get me started on Zionists. With every bullet fired in Syria, Turkey is helping Israel. Netanyahu's regime have even offered help to Turkey to fight Syria. Did you know that you are in partnership with Israel? 
 The Council to Re-open The United States of America after the Shutdown.... Members of the direct family.... and all Zionists. For the Coronavirus Task Force, come back to my long thread. 
 Proud Zionist I may add. Love it when you people use it as if it was a slur or something. Anyway, since no substance is discussed we are boring twitter so let’s part ways as bitter enemies and when peace arrives we can revisit. 
 This guy brings disaster with his feet wherever he goes. He is the architect of France's intervention in Libya in <number> . He's a radical Zionist and very dangerous. His lobby in France is very strong and he constantly makes anti-Turkish propaganda to the French media. 
 Ali Larijani, Speaker of the Islamic Consultative Assembly of , has said that the "evil plan", which claims to be the first Qiblah for the , is now doomed to failure. 
 And bigoted apartheid colonists, known as Zionists falsely claim that any criticism leveled at Israeli inhumane acts are 'antisemitism' 
 He’s a zionist and a piece of sh!t. This fandom’s taste is quite questionable tbh 
 Israelis zionists make Jews look Soo bad 
 What race are Zionists? 
 Good take, Chief Zionist. 
 Is your dad Modi still licking urine stains off tye bottom of his Israeli Zionist buddies shoes? 
 Well if they were prepared to move the embassy and disrupt the ME peace accord for the good Zionists of Wentworth, anything is possible. 
 ??????? i am literally a ZIONIST i LIVE IN ISRAEL did u even read my op???? 
 ...Hindutva circles (or maybe Zionists) buys that claim. There is no way that could be defended in a neutral ground like a Western university. 
 I guess the same way you came to the conclusion that no Obsessive Tweeters About Zionists are unemployed, or pedos, or live in mommy's basement. Only he might be right. We have noticed already that OTAZ's love to collect pictures of dead children and do not seem to have a job. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : Sanders literally co… 
 "Unfortunately, Palestinians have become Israel’s problem." Well, Zionists did decide to embark on a nostalgic destructive adventure into a land where a people already lived. Less than half of the world's Jews decided to follow, prospering elsewhere. 
 May Allah bless you, your family, all Palestinians, and my Allah eradicate those vermin Zionist evil cunts from your land and may they burn in hell for eternity. I am so sorry this happened to you and your fam... I wish it would stop happening to Palestine 
 US stop calling the US america...most of america NEVER shut down...please say US when u mean the poisoned toxic craplands run by evicted commies and other zionists/atheists....it is really annoying when these white turds brought their hoes, stole lands, then even stole the name 
 I think this bears some resemblance (&amp; indeed relationship, given that both are used as antisemitic dogwhistles) to what I have noted about gentiles using "anti-Zionist" in contextually unsavory ways. Fascists colonize otherwise-decent ethical stances and subvert them. 
 Getting a lot of quote tweets and replies like this, as if people think Jewish Zionists are unaware of Evangelical eschatology. They are aware, and they do not care, *because they do not believe it*. They welcome the support of Christian Zionists. Israeli PMs speak at CZ events. 
 why some Iranians are jealous of other Iranians? let her earn some money from zionist It is a kind of job! 
 JVP are not Zionists, so your argument there totally does not work. 
 : Anti Zionist, ultra orthodox Jews have thrown rocks twords servicewomen. She was moderately injured and rushed to the hospital. 
 It must be fun in your fantasy land where Jewish = Israel and where all Jewish folks are Zionists. Makes it easier for us to filter out people with trash takes and ahistorical bullshit. 
 Thanks Zionist in Chief. I feel so much better now that Israel’s enemy is being threatened. Make Israel Great Again was a great slogan! 
 Denis Goldberg Man of Integrity: South African Freedom Fighter, anti-Zionist Jew and True Mensch 
 Try as you might to pretend that the native population your zionist ancestors wanted to displace did not exist, the fact is the Coastal Levant was well populated when the Zionist movement began and they did not actually fall down from Mars in <number> . 
 Erm.. Maybe coz the Nazis won. THEY call themselves Zionists today. And proudly. Babylonian Death Cultists. As THEY hide behind various faiths or none. Blood sacrifice and burnt offerings (AKA Holocausts) to thEIIR god, Satan. Lucifer. Ba'al/Bel, Moloch etc etc. 
 no labour will not be finished if he wins...its not labour that he will be leader of..its nu labour v2. <number> and only zionists are welcome. BoD favourite to lead too so he will win or nandy shes a vile creature. im afraid labour for the many is dead already. sadly theve ruined lives 
 notice who the criminals in charge are...citizens arrest them all and send to sit in solitary at gitmo...while the US citizens/residents clean up the US...commies/other zionist/atheists have taken over the US.. STOP allowing those slime to ruin your country... 
 I suppose they reclassified it as “New Age” in order to discredit it as a Zionist psyop 
 More than 13k Jews in Morocco and more than 30k jews visits by year and 11k in Tunisia check your sources You may want to say Zionists in your picture 
 And now Oss Teef Zionist Amy Mek has blocked me! 
 - Clearly a Zionist. 
 Where is the lie? Zionism is literally white supremacist settler colonialism. I guess you can be pro yt women, but hardly an intersectional feminist and a Zionist. Palestinian women are women too after all. No way to defend Zionism without putting on a yt hood 
 The notion that followers of the Jewish religion are a race is a nonsense promoted by the ethno-supremacist Zionist political movement, which was founded by atheists that coined the term Secular Jew, to try to validate scientifically baseless assertion that there's a Jewish race. 
 Once again Zionist terrorist regime's propoganda to justify murdering Palestinians. 
 I said “This Israel is a FRAUD” You see how Zionists FORGE everything Zionists Zombies 
 Is there any way to finish the phrase "secret cabal of Zionists behind..." that is not antisemitic? 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : I have heard that Hitler breathed too... 
 Great news. Down with Imperialists. Down with Zionists. Well done in fighting for your country's freedom. 
 In that one respect, I suppose is consistent, because she tries to make out that the 'Jewish community' as represented by the BoD (i.e. all Zionists) are the same as those practising Judaism, which they patently are not. (Are all white males Jimmy Savile?! Absurd!) 
 he’s just a zionist 
 What are you talking about, your leftist/marxist agenda is just as kosher as any Zionist agenda. It's two sides of the same coin. Both want you gone and any record of your existence on earth gone. 
 If this is about Chris Evans he’s a known Zionist 
 Yes it is you filthy animal. No regard for basic human rights, typical Zionist. 
 Ummm. She is a horrible Zionist and celebrates the deaths of Palestinians. 
 They even hate zionists, their own people, i do not wanted to say this, but stalin was right, search "rootless cosmopolitano" and you see what i am talking about. 
 Thanks to an advanced free-market, Netanyahu's Zionists might be able to save millions of lives in the coming months. Such an effort is to be expected from a country that nurtures brilliance &amp; high-achievement &amp; why <percent> of the Nobel Laureates are Jewish. 
 Remember <number> , zionist Kyrgyzstan billionaire Mashkevitch's sex scandal aboard the Attaturk yacht? The women &amp; girls were shipped in by a high-level mafia prostitution ring/model agency. 
 so apparently my mother is a zionist now and says that anti-zionism is antisemitic and that lots of jews are against israel's treatment of palestine while still being zionist.. is this true or complete bs 
 Jesuit was a Catholic Church order. I do not think they had the same ideology or beliefs held by Evangelical Zionist. Catholic eschatology is different to Evangelist. 
 Sorry, Blake, but given the numerous venomous statements Becca has hurled at Israel and Zionists in the past, I for one do NOT accept her apology. 
 Exactly. The odd Zionist claim is that all the prophecies from the Bible refers to some bunch of atheist bums from Europe who created this secular political entity devoid of everything Judaism. This is absurd. 
 It seems the world's most "moral" military is built of the world's most sadistic perverts. Congratulations to all , you successfully rewrote history to top Hitler's . 
 So much for the CONSPIRACY Theorist - - Pres. Kennedy WARNED of the Nazi/Zionist CONSPIRACIES &amp; Secret Societies' QUESTS 
 Today the main targets for terrorist groups are Russia and China because it's impossible to defeat these nuclear states in a common war. But at the same time international zionist financiers cannot put up with our existence. So we see that this weapon is being created against us. 
 Everything this horrific Evil Zionist led US Govt has been plotting is working as planned. In order for a few White psychopath billionaires to keep power, they need working class, Black, Brown, White, Muslim, Christian, etc. to be completely divided. We need to point true evil. 
 zionist nuclear apartheid warmongers/war criminals regime daily murders/abducts resisting resident Palestinians by idf thugs for GH/WB/Gaza land grabs beyond <number> borders whilst rogue mossad mercenaries spread terror across MENA. bloody israelis cannot hide behind notorious deal. 
 Zionists killed family members of posters here. 
 Cam you say stop the Zionists Apartheid against Palestinians? I bet you cant! 
 This is an anti Zionist America... where Jewish students on campus are shouted down as racist bc they, like most Jews, are Zionist. 
 This is all Deliberately Engineered by Powers to be in our case Government for a Purpose of Denuclearization at behest of Zionists Hindutva 
 This is a against the people. the murdering Zionist occupiers of Palestine 
 all the israeli zionists in my mentions that's why 
 <percent> of Jews identify as Zionists. Seems like you find Jews to be irritating and I’m sure you don’t know most of them. 
 You are a Zionist, under the guise of Islam 
 * Another great dose of truth from Max ties together: ,,,,{ 's} &amp; its derivative --which created &amp; was 1st -- ===MODERNA!! 
 Arabs who hate Jewish people just for being Jewish are also a part of the problem. If they do not posses the ideology of a Zionist then leave them alone. 
 Thanks for the . And you sure do have all the Zionist propaganda ready don’t you. Your probably a Protestant. So culturally buried in Temple propaganda you can’t recognize you’re the shill. 
 I can not breathe.. 
 Former Hardcore Israeli Zionist Speaks Out For Palestinian Rights and Against Trump’s Fake Peace Plan via 
 Law means Law, Why do you keep mention the French Zionist Macron and his gangsters?. I do not live in France, neither am I English. 
 its good that black lives are not a wedge issue for zionists (as if that's not the lowest possible standard) but what are these orgs actually doing other than signing a petition. words are cheap, chaverim we want to see some materially impactful jewish coalitions not a name wall 
 If Zionist can be dispensationalism..then I guess so..they have their own doctrine of devils..like Michael said..it's not God's work but them..Trust me I know I was married to one of them once..they did not call them Zoo's then.. 
 Referencing biased newspapers thats backed up by a zionist government isn’t and won’t be a reliable source for any info based on Palestinians lol , once they report the war crimes thats being done in Israel, its nothing but a worthless piece of information 
 is once again bombed by terrorists in occupied palestine. If Syrians do not respond to aggressions of the Zionist regime in Palestine, there will be more and more attacks on Syria. And they will be on a daily basis. This is it! SAA should establish deterrence or die trying 
 alot of people are anti-zionist because they dislike the actions the state of israel's treatment of the palestinian people alot of people are anti-zionist because they hate jews and use the plight of palestinian people as a way to demonise jewish people 
 Is "Judeo-Christian" code for "Zionist America" (Zionist religion mixed with American dollars) ?? 
 Here’s one courageous soul who is not afraid of the Zionist entertainment and media industries backlash 
 Ok but also Judaism and Zionism are not the same thing and I need everyone (mostly Zionists honestly!!!) to stop acting like they are. 
 I fundamentally oppose both ideas for a reason. The Zionist project in Israel has proven inhumane and horribly violent. I also oppose the idea of tying land to blood or religion in any case. This goes for all such land claims. 
 Last thing. IF his dad is a Zionist (which we don’t fucking know) WHY would that automatically make his son one? Idk about you but my parents and I don’t share the same views on everything. 
 I`m as much of a zionist as Bernie Saunders , Norman Finkalstein or Norm Chomsky ! 
 You are a Zionist if you support Israel as it is, as a Jewish state that can be side by side with a viable Palestinian state. Unless you demand some full right-of-return that blows Israel up demographically turning it into another Palestinian state. Is that it? 
 At the same time, I passionately believe in fighting for black lives. What do we do then if this movement is the strongest thing fighting for them? I mean if there is anti-Israel/Semitic activity it should be denounced. But also am a proud zionist 
 Agreeed they need to stop. Just offering a theory of why zionists are so crazy. 
 Eng: Today marks the first anniversary of the Ein Bubin operation, which resulted in the killing of a settler and the serious injury of two more, including a senior rabbi. The operation constituted a great shock and confusion for the Zionist Shin Bet security services. 
 Trump+Netanyahu cut from the same cloth. Murderers, both of them. One is thick+crazy, other is insidiously acute in his tactics and one of the world's biggest war criminals if not the biggest. Zionist policies are untouchable, ring fenced by anti-Semitism label. Disgusting. 
 Well with lying Zionist trolls you never know what you are dealing with. So I needed to see the source. Incendiary balloons is not terrorism. It's legitimate , fanatic crazies. 
 Makes clear the underpinning objectives of the Zionist colonial project - seize the Palestinian land, get rid of the Palestinian people. 
 Dont twist the narrative here. The Zionists came as invaders and are the agressors. They do not defend themselves from anything. Israeli bombs the shit out of schools and you want to say they’re defending themselves. Lmao. Pathetic. 
 I do not discuss further with Zionist trash.... 
 Neoliberal Gerontocracy/Zionist Cop <number> should get the young folk out. 
 US Zionists Administration dual passport holders to the illegal state of Israel architect of illegal wars in the middle east General Wesley Clark was told this where gone attack <number> countries in <number> years Iraq Syria Lebanon Libya Somalia Sudan Iran he did ask why 
 Virus is real but the fear of it's lethality is being exaggerated and exploited to serve the interests of Zionist Bankers. Global lockdown will lead to economic collapse which will ease their way to Take sometime to view the relevant tweets down the timeline. 
 Indeed, armed resistance to the Zionist regime is the only way for peace to be restored. Remember Israel is nothing but an occupied territory of Palestine which was forcefully taken by them in <number> . With the help of British army, Palestinians were forced to leave their land. 
 Alsalaam 3alaykum, Oh children of Mohammed and Ali, you are the only true representatives of Islam in the GLOBAL battle of the Zionist TITANS, remind the children that people are victims and stop including the American slaves as enemies! 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : lessons from Hitler <number> 
 Zionist rascism on the ropes, nowhere to hide. 
 No one can imagine the sadness that squeezes his heart! Palestinian man Mahmoud AlMaqdisi visits his parents graves immediately after he was released from the Zionist occupation prison. AlMaqdisi spent <number> consecutive years in prison. His parents died while he was behind bars! 
 Us gov are Zionist and christian too. 
 Americans did Hiroshima and Nagasaki and they paid in Vietnam, Korea, Iraq, Middle East and Afghanistan. Now Israel will pay for it, Surely it's a Zionist orchestrated attack on Lebanon after the fierce opposition by Lebanon of SO CALLED Peace Deal of the Century. 
 I said “can” . It would be anti semetic to call all zionists NAZIs. Again, someone said something racist to and there defense was “I’m a Zionist, how can I be racist”. Context matters 
 i just blocked (((A. Zionist))) after checking out their profile. 
 How to detect a zionist agent in any group 
 The real terrorists are the Zionist regime 
 My dear anyone who wants to become the president of usa must accept to be a puppet in the hands of the zionists 
 ZIONIST, ORTHODOX, CHRISTIANS, ATHEISTS IN A DOMESTIC WAR - FRM ? NICK/SAMSON DNT HAVE THAT MUCH HATE HAHAHA POOR PHILISTINES NEARLY ALL GONE. I READ IT IN THE BIBLE THAT DNT LIE....HAHAHA 
 Africans, Arabs are Semites Zionists from Brooklyn are not Semites 
 Zionist Black and Brown Jews are telling the rest of the tribe what we are experiencing as a result of our black and brown hue, aside from what we experience as Jews, and as Zionists. Stop gaslighting us using a BLM platform that has nothing to do with us or our cries 
 We should all condemn those people who were/are members of what are essentially Terrorist militaries. Including members of the Israeli Military which carries out Terrorism against Palestinian Civilians on a Daily basis. One, a senior zionist, lives among us here in NZ. . . 
 Hey It’s long over due joins -&amp; I’d like to challenge all networks which r controlled by Zionists to see who will be the 1st to finally tell the truth about Palestine &amp; the Zionist racist apartheid regimes slow genocide &amp; strangulation on USA 
 is a bully and a con man kept in the White House by an Australian Zionist and to continue stealing Palestinian homes and land for Jewish settlements. 
 I grew up with "Zionist" being a dirty word. Something that was awful. Something that was evil, wanting to control and destroy. So it's so refreshing to meet people on Twitter who are Zionists and dispel the myth. It still gives me chills though, but I am working on it. 
 Yes and the true Anti establishment left goes against those corporations for a true Anti war anti empire Anti occupation thus this lawsuit for Abby Martin would be best to get behind before they take away your freedoms for lying for the Zionists you protect like your country. 
 Pro-Palestine graffiti are Antisemitism? Is there something in this world that is not Antisemitic for the enormously privileged Zionist Communities all around the World? They have self-ruled neighborhoods, like the Rome one and practically they are above the laws. 
 may carried it on and Johnson has made it totally normal and acceptable. no one is safe. no one. unless you are part of the facist govt or supporters. And the zionists false AS claims against corbyn and labour let full blown anti semetism rise up and emboldened runs riot. 
 You should be grateful to the Zionist forces not to have died in Geva. 
 of All of them deserve to be hit with the virus the created.... sorry for the innocents like Sorry they should have been for the innocents of Syria that they let die to the hands of his fascist dictator 
 US,Zionists main conspirators of sacrilege 
 Being a Zionist simply means believing in the right of Jewish people to a homeland. If you believe Israel has a right to exist, including through a two state solution, you are a Zionist. 
 America is controlled by Israel and its Zionist supporters in America. I am sure that millions of dead Iranians would not bother Netanyahu. Just as million dead Iraqis did not bother him. 
 nope, i mean zionists mate because not all zionists are jews and not all jews are zionists. keep trying to plug the asinine BS that people always mean jews when they talk about Zionists. no ones buying it anymore sunshine. 
 It’s NOT racist. It’s anti colonial. Palestinians deserve to control their own land Zionist squatters from Russia and elsewhere must leave or be extradited. 
 Those who are shameless will never feel ashamed. Complete sell out to US / Zionists. Imagine now Dubai giving <number> star protocols to their new friends. 
 There’s a coalition of progressive Zionists fighting to change the World Zionist Congress. They’re running on a slate called the Hatikvah slate. Platform: Commitment to democracy, rule of law and human rights. Opposition to annexation and occupation. 
 You are beneath contempt I would not sign your toilet paper NO MATTER WHAT and please do not call yourself Christian you are a zionist through and through... 
 Zionist Bugs Bunny brain salad surgery on unwitting goy Elmer. Mel Blanc was a freemason. 
 people are STILL saying harrys a zionist oh my god give it UP just say ur jealous of him and go baby 
 As a Muslim, I acknowledge the difference between the Zionists and our fellow Jewish brothers and sisters . 
 Another LORD impostor " Lord fucking Mann " try's to influence " Starmer " to outlaw the word Zionist and it should be looked upon as a criminal word Looks like Starmer will be heading to Tel Aviv for a social gathering of Jews ? 
 don’t want ..they never wanted war. want war and control. will pay heavily. 
 And that is taught by Zionists tweet... 
 with sentiments like that you don’t even have to say you’re a zionist buddy, we know, holy shit 
 I hope that Iran will strike the Zionist Emirates 
 Instead of pairing with center-left groups who have actively been pursuing <number> states and working with Palestinians, she's gravitated towards the vocal <percent> of anti-zionist Jews. 
 Hitler also helped fund and arm Zionists so they could murder Muslims and Christians living peacefully in Palestine. 
 New Antisemitism Scandal in Belgium as Daily Paper Publishes Article Accusing ‘Zionists’ of ‘Playing Holocaust Card’ 
 Wikipedia Haavra agreement transfer agreement was an agreement between Nazi Germany and the Zionists on <date> the agreement was finalized after three months talking by the Zionists federation of Germany commemorative coin 
 BEING JEWISH DOESNT MEAN AUTOMATICALLY YOURE A ZIONIST AND PRO ISRAEL. A LOT OF JEWS DONT SUPPORT ISRAEL!! 
 Sounds just like a Zionist. 
 History of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict - Wikipedia oh zionists movement started1879 in Switzerland aim taking Zion land consider Palestinian land their own land of Israel oh Jewish settlement increased population increased during ottamin empire o BalF 
 Without the ingredients being listed...they can’t force us. Where the hell have our rights gone. They are to be trusted. it is unethical! I bet there won’t be any getting jabbed! JS! 
 sorry bro a bunch of zionist trained fake nationalists who fight for the eu going to another cia operation is not "based" the liberal democratic hong kong ppo do not even want anything half as cool as a new empire, they just wanna watch marvel movies and harry potter 
 Buying the book, I have read articles about this very subject, but nothing in depth. It was banned in "the only democracy in the " &amp; virtually in It seems to blow apart the narrative &amp; reveals that Jews were forcefully transplanted to Israel to work the stolen land 
 Lecturer who said Starmer received 'Zionist' money suspended by Labour via 
 Imam of Piss? Never heard anyone, except Zionists, claiming the right and the rightfulness to rebuild a Kingdom expired <number> years ago on an already inhabited land. Did Native Americans demanded such a thing? Never. 
 He is very fair, unless you are a “Zionist” of course. 
 HS is a zionist. delete this and never do it again. 
 What's the most ridiculous thing you have ever heard anyone say out loud? — Hmmm this is a good one but defo something along the lines of zionists deserving rights 
 this idiot &amp; his Zionist friends see themselves ruling the Middle East-- UAE &amp; Saudis stupid enough to cozy up to Israel when through their own greed &amp; narcissism (all <number> !) are on the way down &amp; out 
 Gladly! Everything about the west is glamorous, yet FAKE! The West=House of Cards! West= ILLUSION of freedom&amp;ILLUSION of choice!People are covertly slaves to the Zionist elite! It's OK to criticize Chinese gov. &amp;It's OK to demand rights,NOT OK 2demand the Americanization of China 
 . executive director and alum told , “Bollinger’s strong statement before Friday’s Senate Plenary is exactly what Jewish and Zionist students and their peers needed to hear.” 
 After Corbyn, UK Labour elects Keir Starmer, Zionist with Jewish wife, as leader via 
 Who teaches you Zionists to be so repeatly stupid? A little research could save you a world of embarrassment. The fool you are referring to, Mufti al-Husseini, met Hitler once, and only after he was exiled from Palestine by the Palestinians. He never represented the Palestinians 
 "There is an audience who believe in human rights and Zionists will never win them." More accurately, there is an audience that blows smoke up Palestinian's asses and makes them think they are winning, when they are actually playing a losing game. 
 He signed agreements with zionist leaders...True? He completely agreed with the proposition. That isnt me targeting Jewish people. 
 Both parties are subservient to Israel, both parties are zionist. Nancy pelosis went out on stage saying her father was a "shabbos goy" (meaning her father was a gentile servant). Trump loves israel and supports them <percent> , they even called him the king of israel. 
 "The “jungle” and the “wall” are two aspects of Zionist thinking which have informed it since its inception: an “advance post of civilization against barbarism”, as Zionist founder Theodore Herzl wrote in his book Der Judenstaadt (“The Jewish State”)." 
 The ‘Jews’ are not some monolith &amp; your view is just one within the community. The Jewish community is diverse ranging from ultra Zionist to anti-Zionist. We both share a history of gaining a benefit from British conquest of land. Love is the starting point to any problem.Empathy 
 I’d watch a documentary that showed how our grandfathers and great grandfathers were used as cannon fodder for two world wars on behalf of Internationalists, Bolsheviks, and Zionists 
 I’ll remember the International Financers, Communists, and Zionists who orchestrated the US-British-Soviet alliance to perpetrate the rape, slaughter, and subjugation of our European brethren who tried to throw them off, ending with <number> American casualties 
 Brit teen in Cyprus 'gang rape' case says 'attackers were like pack of wolves' Zionists should really be banned from travelling to any country. 
 The fact both this elitist racist Zionist and climate change denier Brett Stephens work at NYT alone is reason enough to never take The Grey Lady seriously anymore in good times-let alone during this disaster. 
 “This is the image that terrified the Zionists "Leader of Victory," the martyr Hajj Abu Mahdi al-Muhandis, at the Lebanese border &amp; occupied Palestine” 
 And Christian Zionists is not? 
 Yes. We must also know the difference between Zionists, Ashkenazi, &amp; Hebrews (from the line of Abraham). Many Hebrews &amp; Rabbi's in Israel are against their Zionist run government; they are aware that Zionism is a political power movement, not spiritual or religious. 
 FBI ADMITTED THEY ENTRAPPED Nothing else matters we have got <number> things <number> )Broken Zionist Banking Dynasty FAMILIES <number> )A State Captured by Foreign Entity ie. Shabbtai Zvi/Israel/Bank for Intl Settlement that is OWED 24T in INTEREST That"They"THE CHOSEN PEOPLE Oddly THINK we owe them? 
 Minor or not, past <number> you are fully responsible for being able to understand right from wrong. They knew better than to call Zionists Nazis. They are not <number> or <number> years old. 
 zionist nuclear apartheid warmongers/war criminals regime daily murders/abducts resisting resident Palestinians by idf thugs for GH/WB/Gaza land grabs beyond <number> borders whilst rogue mossad mercenaries spread terror across MENA. bloody israelis cannot hide behind notorious deal. 
 i hate the zionists too but wishing the Israeli to get infected is just a BIG NO. yall still don’t understand.. Israeli may be act like a dick but they’re the smartest men in earth. they’re the luckiest, the chosen one. 
 Spoiler alert: offspring of the serpent is some grad a repackaged antisemitism. If you’re wondering why some of us keep bringing it up it’s bc this is pervasive and if we don’t recognize it, we can’t stop it. Deep state = Zionist occupied govt. 
 Bombshell Audio Leak - Powerful Zionist Groups Hold Meeting, Plot Latest Strategy to Deprive Americans of Free Speech (Audio) 
 plain and simple americans are being ripped off by their law enforcement their military the news media zionist congress and the fake presidency 
 zionist forsure. can you elaborate on the “antiblack”. would love to add a good argument to my arsenal against the radlibs 
 And remember Australian Federal Parliaments supports of Apartheid For Aussie born Zionists can travel to join the Israeli Defence Force for two years kill Palestinians then return to Bondi for a beer. We are a nation of the immoral screaming Rights 
 Is it any surprise that a Zionist who probably gets off on seeing jackbooted thugs beat down brown people is telling us to shut up about police brutality? 
 So she is responsible for deporting Windrush generation back! What a nerve the Tories have! Disgusting, it then again what would you expect from Zionist sympathisers. 
 the Terrorist state is stealing the Palestinian land from more than <number> years. Zionists r the real Terrorists. 
 RETURNING to from the river to the sea is the inalienable RIGHT of every . They have more right to live there than ANY Zionist! This does not mean they will commit the same atrocities that the Zionist Terrorists since their arrival 
 SOLD OUT PUPPITS RUN GOVTS CHINA N RUSSIA WHO R RIGHT IN WAY OF ZIONISTS OF ISREAL OR SHUD WE CALL THEM SECRET SATANIC SOCIETIES WHO OWN N CONTROL ALL SECRET SERVICES OF <percent> PUPPIT COUNTRIES TO CARRY OUT FALSE FLAGS STAG EVENTS TO SET UP RIOTS ALL THE WAY WW3 
 Zionist created destruction both foreign &amp; internal. 
 not a great Zionist 
 Starmer is a self-confessed Zionist, who "supports Zionism without question", surrounded by backstabbing &amp; treasonous B-liarites, Centrists, &amp; LFI members: what are your chances of their treating the BoD as a "highly partisan uncritically pro-Israel group"? 
 Head of the Zionist Organization of America wants Black Lives Matter to be listed as a "hate group" 
 She was a Zionist but uuuuhhhh...that's not bueno. 
 He says zionist in his BIO 
 They tried in <number> dear. Civil rights activists slammed the Arab league in a letter, so they rejected and started calling Jews Zionists. All because they were disgraced for losing a second war to kill the Jewish people and steal more land. 
 Anti-Zionism is not always the same thing as antisemitism. Almost every evangelical "Christian Zionist" who "loves Israel" is antisemitic. I find it weird that people focus on leftist groups like BDS at a time when Neo-Nazis and the far-right are becoming increasingly violent. 
 wasn’t she already cancelled after outing herself as a zionist 
 Already happening. Israel flag. U probably don’t know anything about it. All Zionist. But hey, your hard earned tax money pays for it all. 
 I just provided you a document, from his own words. He is a Zionist. Hey u dude, READ! U r the one who regurgitate's, msm, the mouthpiece for neo-fascists, the corp/state. And of course, it takes a bunch of lost individuals, sheep that follow their mastah's. Look in the mirror. 
 Did not she call BoD members of conservative party? I do not go to see all her tweets to find any other examples but I saw that one. I have then seen few of her supporters call them Zionists. obviously not all Jewish people agree with each other. some agree with her 
 It is The Time to have wars with the Israeli Zionists. Period. 
 I tend to end up on the mass block lists I think bc I’ve got friends on both ends of the Zionist/anti Zionist spectrum. 
 Riddle me this: are Jewish anti-Zionists also anti-Semitic? Because there is a history of Jewish anti-Zionism that has existed since inception. 
 Engel is a big zionist AIPAC sellout....establishment hack 
 No, but you’re clearly a Zionist. 
 kidnapped by the Mossad and forced to participate in an internationally televised <number> show trial in Israel. According to documents in the Central Zionist Archive, the first mention of the <number> million claim was at a meeting of high ranking Zionist political figures in Palestine - 
 The deal of the century will be nothing but a consecration of the occupation and plans for the expansion of the Zionist entity, it will be rejected by every Arab loyal to his homeland and every human being loyal to his humanity and aspiring to peace and security of this planet . 
 IS OPENLY A PRO CLEANSING AND BAILS OUT UK IF ASKED TO ! 
 You can be anti-Zionist without hating Jews. Indeed, any number of Jews are anti-Zionist. As for Irving, check out my replies to your other tweets. 
 Israel does not represent the Jewish people. Israel represents people who believe that Jewish people should have a state n Palestine/Israel to the exclusion of the Palestinians. Those people are Zionists. Many Zionists are Jewish, but not all of them 
 Show me the points Andy is making! All I am seeing is the same kind of slurs the Zionist trolls use. There are NO points! 
 Knock on the door of an anti Zionist and meet an antisemite 
 No. If they are Zionist/Republicans/Nazis.. I would not at all 
 you could make the argument that she’s saying the zionist movement itself didn’t have the intention of displacing arabs (and that’s iffy) but rather jews were forced to displace arabs bc of, ya know, <number> arab nations invading, but i think that argument would be disingenuous ( <number> /?) 
 Man no wonder this kid is a Zionist, he has no empathy for others, whatsoever.. 
 The zionist/ jewish extremists are so stupid. Why are they worrying about Jeremy blowing whistle on Israeli state terrorism lawlessness thieving thuggery? Its not Jeremy they need to worry about. Its God whos going to destroy Israel. Maybe they should read Torah some time... 
 Bastards Chicken Fancy Idiot zionist Army...!!! 
 Zionist? That’s a new word for a Q*Bert 
 Time &amp; again, I have said to bring peace to the world, America needed to sever the ties to Zionist Israel. 
 I do not buy zionist antisemitic peddling so dont bother trying 
 didnt think clairo had it in her to be a staunch anti zionist,props 
 Dhume earning his pay by inciting anti Russian hatred for his Zionist masters. 
 As Zionists are purged in Israel, the next target is Switzerland. The autumn offensive begins. The rogue nation of Israel was put under lockdown at the start of the Jewish New Year to facilitate a purge of Zionists, Pentagon sources say. MI6 sources sa+ 
 I wonder if the other anti-Zionists who live on J Street came up with INN to make them look less assholish 
 “There is no such country as Palestine. ‘Palestine’ is a term the Zionists invented. There is no Palestine in the Bible. Our country was for centuries part of Syria. ‘Palestine’ is alien to us. It is the Zionists who introduced it” Awni Bey Abdul Hadi to Peel Commission <number> 
 By Israel I mean the Zionist ideology and islamophobic right-wing politicians not the normal civilians. Nobody hates the human, hate is for ideology. If you guys provide basic rights to people of Gaza and west bank then surely I do not have reasons to hate. 
 Hacked. zionists hacked PressTv 
 Confused by Asa's wording...I have heard of Jewish anti-Zionists but never Zionist anti-Semites. Pretty sure that's an oxymoron. 
 <number> / Judea and Samaria (West Bank) is the more important from a Zionist sense than Tel Aviv, yet Israel is willing to compromise and give this land to Palestinians in return for peace as per the two state solution. The Egypt-Israel peace deal is an example of what can be done. 
 Famed Zionist Pastor John Hagee’s Brother Arrested On Child Sexual Abuse Charges 
 You <percent> were. No one believed all that Zionist false doctrine before Scofield abandoned his wife and kids and secured Jewish funding for his pro Israel propaganda book. 
 LMFAO Then tell me why most Zionists or Israel supports call any criticism of Israel being anti-Semitic. Anyone with eyes can tell what Israel is. 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 FREE PALESTINE AND FUCK THEM ZIONIST PEOPLE 
 I just think that Israel and Zionists need to admit that their immigration system is built with maintaining an ethnic majority. Lauren Southern wants to do the same thing. 
 The only “plotting” came from Zionist zombies like you 
 <number> - IMO that is incorrect. our side does not have to lie because the truth is horrible enough as it stands. I have never seen a deliberate lie coming from Jose, Pakeha, AntichristA, Hills, Shez, Gregory, Simon, Iqbal, Talal or Albert. Many fact are disputed by Zionists, that's all 
 will continue to push the fiction of the even though it's long dead because it helps maintain the illegal occupation but the should support to &amp; from ~! 
 UK Zionist Campaign Against Antisemitism under investigation by the Charities Commission and may be heading for a police investigation – Redress Information &amp; Analysis 
 How come that's the same policy as Pres. Daniel Ortega's Sandinista gov't in Nicaragua then? Are you going to smear Ortega's gov't as a "right-wing Zionist," too? 
 America has come under the influence of the lobby . 
 BOYCOTT because it refuses service to a pro- restaurant/deli in 
 Can we know thier name’s? The name of those arab zionists Shaker Sahib 
 Every Zionist is a potential Nazi. 
 If Trump was "Democrat" the "Republican" "zionists" would be after his jugular. Rep/Dem is an illusory control construct for the ruling satanic death cult that sees all shades of us as food since their ancestors usurped humanity eons ago. That's our reality. 
 time to act against teh zionist terrorists who nuked port yesterday! This crime is - as many other zionist terrorist warcrimes - UNFORGIVEABLE!!! 
 Joan Rivers is one of Kathleen's heroines. And rightly so. However, Joan turned into a virulent Zionist towards the end, which possibly hastened her death. 
 Greedy Zionist Israeli 
 WORD: Diamond Rotary Lions Sd worx ⚃ life ⚃ work Zionist Jam-bon (*)(-)!!! MMXX SLAVERY … Wordy Rappinghood by Tom Tom Club 
 So what has changed her belief system. Could it be entering parliament and earning <money> per year and twice as much in expenses. Do not see how you can claim she had changed just because she'd now denies it. What actions, what statements... what meetings with Jews and Zionists. 
 Then the conspiracy regarding the power of Jews as collective is typical of antisemitism, not of anti-Zionism. So you are mostly an antisemite who uses the word anti-Zionist, believing it exonerates you of being an antisemite. Two confusions. 
 When we’re talking about “the Jews,” we need to specify which ones. The ethnic Jews who were by and large murdered during the Holocaust or the Zionist (atheist) political enterprise that came out of World War II? Most good people are completely clueless including Jews themselves. 
 Dude... I totally get it. Hen blocks me... Several other prominent zionists... It sucks,especially when there is no or little reason..particularly when you know I there's a reason more so when there is not 
 The real plan! Make life so miserable in the West Bank that the will leave via the tunnel and move to Gaza. Then turn into a de-facto part the Egyptian Sinai. . The continuing 
 my upper middle class super zionist suburb filled with old money PMC “bleeding heart” doctors and lawyers is has a shitton of bloomberg signs i hate my hometown 
 Ah yes, the most aggressively zionist president ever with a jewish family and he's *shuffles papers and checks notes* killing jews? 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : inspired "...to the East only my "Death's Head units" with the order to kill without pity or mercy al… 
 You are supposed ponder that before you do, not after. Some of us have never checked it at the door to appease “liberal” Zionists. We have been telling you! Palestinians should not have to leave our dignity at the door to enter the Democrat’s 'big tent.' 
 After this people like u ZIONIST slaves in Muslims world need to be remove <number> good. May allah remove u all as u all been place there by ZIOBritish to serve them&amp;u USELESS good for nothing. Have no Islam in u neither u have a heart who love Muslims.U only love kuffars ur masters. 
 Zionists refused many deals just before WWII; priority was to save the bankers, at any cost. They have been demonising anyone who offered them a deal ever since. 
 Ignorance is bliss my friend. The notion that Muslims hate Jews because of their religion is simply incorrect. I challenge you to find one anti-Semitic word in the original Arabic text of the Koran. You have been brainwashed by the Zionists who conflate Zionism with religion! 
 To any allies who are out there: if someone ever says they are anti zionist, ask them what they mean by that? And ask specifically if they they think Israel should exist or not 
 It's very odd when Zionists continually raised that number through the period <number> - <number> in relation to threats to Jewish lives in pursuit of their Promised Land and then it happened to be declared the number that no one should question. 
 And you think you can just paint all <number> majority-Arab countries as the same with one brushstroke, you racist, xenophobe, AND Islamophobe! You think you can just steal and kick out Arabs to make room for Zionist settlements without a care for the refugee crisis Israel created? 
 Adam Schiff the progeny of the Luciferien Jacob Schiff who as a member of the Zionist Banking &amp; Finance Mafia participated in the rape &amp; atrocities in the Weimar Republic. They pushed us into WW- <number> which the nation as a whole wanted no part of until the pro-war Marxist campaign 
 Wars are often fought economically first with tools like sanctions, then it can branch out into biowarfare. Today wars are waged by deception, with proxy armies. With all that being said, I am thinking we have been at war with China and all who do not bow to Zionist neoliberalism. 
 If my elderly parents or anyone I know dies because of this weaponized Anglo-Zionist virus he better be prepared to take it on the chin. The Chinese know who did it. They will retaliate. They are patient. 
 I’m absolutely sure that the Meretz party will find its way to unite with that party and it will truly represent the real anti Zionist post modern left of Israel. The Israeli left will soon fully deny the Zionism and the Judaism. 
 To my beloved family in Humanity in USA, The "Elites" want to destroy you, they believe it is time for them to rule the world and this will not happen unless they destroy you. Stay united and do not allow Zionists in your government to lead America into destruction, please 
 Zeev Sternhell, ‘Super Zionist’ Wary of Extremism, Dies at <number> 
 And the converse of this question is also a good litmus test: is this person assuming that all Zionists/Israelis/people responsible for upholding the occupation are Jewish? 
 Using the same shit ideology of Zionist any Christian get problem in any country we shall migrate them to Jesus land - Jerusalem ?? Same concept isn’t ? This is a sick Cult and Elite 
 Pls pls pls understand this before using Zionist as a curse word this is so super extremely important 
 ZIONISTS get angry when caught peddling RACIST THEORIES 
 WUHANGATE – <number> . Flops Antiviral: GILEAD’s Stock-Raids and Bio-Weapons’ Killer Tests with CIA, Pentagon, Zionists &amp; Chinese labs via 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : . just compared Bernie Sanders and his movement to Hitler and the Nazis on national television. Sanders,… 
 No I don’t agree. The Torah doesn’t say that. And “we” don’t have the land anyway. A bunch of Zionists do. Our promise is to have a resurrected King David reign in a world of spiritual perfection. “Have the land” is not what we want nor allowed to have now. 
 Sheldon Adelson and AIPAC plus Netanyahu and Kushner are in <number> heaven right now. Sending young Americans to Die for the Zionists 
 Just days after the IDF massacred Palestinians in Jerusalem in the summer of <number> , Ian Austin, Joan Ryan and others from the racist Zionist lobby visited the region and toasted drinks 
 Hindu nationalist ideologues and pro-Israel Zionists have long discovered a common cause, one that is predicated on a collective sense of racial supremacy and intolerance for Islam and Muslims 
 Bernie please be careful what you say the SIN-a-GOG of $atan aka Zionist CULT Terrorists may want to assassinate him. 
 okay zionist stannie move along 
 Yeah she's quite far down the rabbithole now, and I have seen posts from her about Zionist conspiracies and how the Pride movement has a depopulation agenda. Anything you have would be really appreciated. 
 calling who Ignores them! Memo from "Zionists have a right to defend themselves against Jihadists in who Pay our Children to Die attacking on the border. All violence must Stop. does not represent us." 
 So who's the leader of your opposition government? See they never even provide that. Clear to see everybody serving the interest of the West and Israel though. Funny how unaware of Muslims are the Zionists used Muslims against other Muslims. It's working great for them 
 Its bcause zionists are trying to represent all jews and at the moment in its current state, its terror, because of what they are doing... if its not terror to you then its represented by terrorists currently. We do not believe for a second that all jews are associated with them 
 atrocities that many around the world support. 
 European Jews killed by Hitler &amp; Nazis were not Zionists. Collaboraters of Hitler &amp; Nazis were Zionists who would make lists of Jewish folk who would end up dead or suffer in concentration camps 
 Zionists saved the Jews already there from the abuses they suffered as second class citizens. 
 <number> % of all National newspapers in the UK are Owned by Zionist Rupert Murdoch Sky News, Fox news elected every UK Prime minister since Margaret Thatcher Guardian newspaper Zionist owned BBC, channel <number> Zionist run dominated media 
 Who the hell said anything about car right BS? Bill Gates: Target of Far Right-Zionist Smear Campaign – Veterans Today | Military Foreign Affairs Policy Journal for Clandestine Services 
 The thug tried to harass the youth so he received the beating of his life. Take away their zionist guns and make it an equal fight and see what will happen to . This is . 
 The Jews went through so much suffering you would think that they would show some care to others....nope. 
 But you are ok with tories and starmer taking money from Russians and apartheid israeli Zionists 
 on from this ideology etc but I would never be stupid enough to believe that. This movement was part and parcel of the Zionist far-right ideology and remains so IMO. 
 <number> . FREEMASONS are Zionists. Their plan is to force peoples to surrender their ancestral homelands to OLIGARCHS who will turn them Extensive Agricultural fields and Military Bases. Indigenous peoples are forced to go and live in towns as paupers. Babylon is back indeed! (BBI). 
 Zionist puppets on the loose. 
 I don’t think that guy is worth engaging with - he’s so hostile to Palestinians he may as well be a Zionist. 
 ik i am just messing with you, idek what zionist is 
 Now Zionist are coming To my account Thank you PM Ik U made my day Arab leaders will not sleep today As compared them with animals 
 But like it or not, the Zionist neocons are making war on America because they have failed everywhere else, and will fight to the last American for the survival of Israel. We are riven with traitors who deserve, at least, to be mocked. 
 You should just keep making the neocons, zionists, and warmongers angry. Its MUCH more entertaining 
 Busy covering white supremacists and Zionists. 
 I am a proud American Zionist 
 Scott, how’s your campaign to silence anti-Zionists on Twitter going? 
 It's very disappointing that you support Israel Zionist 
 Everyone knows that Cyprus is firmly in Zionist hands. The Zionist construction has been drilling natural gas there for some time with Cypriot approval. 
 Dammit Voodoo Doll - Limited Edition - The President Trump Doll - Stress Relief, Buy it now and U can automatically control Zionist puppet drunpf 
 Kevin Barrett: <number> / <number> Truth &amp; Coronavirus: Zionist Hysteria, Neocons want war on China. Wld destroying US economy dependent on Chinese imports &amp; building a Spartan US geared for 5G war on China, Russia Iran &amp; Venezuela be a motive? 
 We can’t breath...This is very very very common scene in occupied Palestine under Zionist military occupation... 
 Christened evangelist are a make believe christen who believes that they can for give the Zionist Jews are forgiven for Crucification of Jesus. That why the not well come in the Vatican ? Only in the USA which now the second home away from home of the JEWS with Uncle TRUMP 
 Zionist Blairites casually tweeting misogynistic abuse at Labour Party General Secretary, Jennie Formby, who has recently battled breast cancer Emma Picken's husband, Gary, also targeted Diane Abbott with racist abuse on Facebook These lowlifes are Sir Keir Starmer supporters 
 Office Ergonomics and the Occupation: How Zionists are Preventing Palestinians from Creating an Comfortable Workspace. 
 He's a zionist. 
 “Statement of the Corps: We do not in any way recognize the Zionist regime in these crimes apart from the American criminal regime.” 
 lots of informative stuff here. Trying to look objectively, but it's impossible to totally remove my western US filter. Some of the Zionist control the world stuff, is problematic. Most Jewish people are not all zionist. Trump and Netenyahu are big bads. Loved the ending. 
 come on john answer the question ayy let’s sEE who’s the chickEn Ur hackerS tryinG really hard that’s what u do right HACKING ur bloody Zionist+hellenic+rockheads just wait for ur turn 
 ye exactly why the FUCK are there zionists on my tl !??????? 
 And now, in his name, the and murdering children every day with total impunity. Im sure if Simon was alive he would have loved his birth. 
 This crossed my mind! The U.S. tyrannical Govt is entirely subverted by Israeli Zionist's. They have stollen trillions in American tax Dollars to build weapons systems, tested on Palestinian civilians! Now they are using their lab generated bioweapons against humanity, on our dime! 
 A sect of Zionists support a world government dictatorship with the Sanhedrin in control. It is not hate to call out all forms of the New World Order. Not all NWO is the Theosophists, Communists, or Technocrat Transhumanists. If you do not understand the factions you are naive. 
 Trump Fear &amp; obey the 
 that action is alone proof enough, i couldn’t care less what you, a non muslim thinks about a situation, there is proof that he’s a zionist stop turning a blind eye and call your fave out for the problematic shit he did, he is not extempted from not knowing an international crisi 
 Wrong. What we are in is due to foreign intervention that devided the region into sectarian pitting one group against another. It is Because of zionist agenda to destroy every nation surrounding israel using American lives and tech to do their bidding. Many still can not understand 
 If u can not decide between ur god given gender and the <number> other ones pulled out of Zionist george Soros n friends ass in the past <number> years plz do not vote...Taylor is his puppet she has no choice but to mislead u... Do not let any celeb or evil lefturd demonrat agenda make up ur mind 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 The Jews have been hijacked, by a gang of Gypsy mystic Kabbalah Zionist. forming one religion. Lie upon lie, layers, cloaked in deceit. Catholics, Muslims, baptist, whatever denomination you are, deceiving everyone... Jesus, YESHUA warned us many times. 
 the Zionist regime of Israel.” Flames raged for hours on Sunday aboard a U.S. warship docked at Naval Base San Diego, sending <number> people to the hospital with minor injuries and prompting relocation of two other Navy vessels moored 
 Billie eilish truly is the servant of satan and she is involved in the pedophile rings around the globe. Zionist evil and jew mind-controlers are using her to make youmg people depressed and depressed people tend to vote democrat. Its propably the new world order behind this all 
 Zionists run the world 
 Saying Zionist instead of Jew is a tell for Jew hatred 
 <number> ) israhell isnt the only one with nuclear weapons. <number> ) you dont realize how easy the removal of israhell can be. How many zionists/jews live in occupied palestine? How many Muslims live around it? They are scared to the point that they install our dictators. But that's ending. 
 I will not be voting for her. I am not voting for zionist candidates. 
 Zionists are just as bad as Tankies. That’s simply a fact. 
 We are all doomed..except . 
 <number> / Look, I agree his statements are offensive to all Jews, Mizrahi Jews in particular. And he blocked me some time ago because I am a progressive Zionist - like many others. But I do not think calling for his firing is ok. Its crossing a line that's hard to uncross. 
 You are a troll probably iof getting paid to do this, zero followers, Judaism is a religion not a nation, the zionist state is an apartheid state <number> times worse than South africa 
 Just... do not reply She chose to believe what she believes and she also chose not to understand what is being a zionist actually means... 
 Im not anti-Semitic, I am anti-Zionist/anti-Isreal. Any and all Isreal supporters can die a horrible death and burn in hell 
 Keir Starmer is inoffensive. Not great but does not upset the Zionists. 
 How many of you all have figured out that "Q" has been one big psyop that has encouraged true Patriots to sit back and do NOTHING while the supposed white hats take care of all the corruption. Where's the Proof? Btw Trump has supported Zionist cabal "Israel" from the beginning! 
 Zionists block me, you all ugly and stink 
 Different topics. 
 Modern society is crumbling. The West is in its Neronian death-throes. The US prepares to sell itself trillions of dollars in platinum, IOMe's euphamised as quantitative easing. Globalist CEOs have fled since January and the zionist cult of Saturn is turning on itself in the... 
 Supposedly, the Cabal have summoned/invoked evil beings <number> aid them in their dastardly goals; inclu making a deal w Lucifer RE: Not even close. We do not want <number> end the world &amp; bring Lucifer &amp; his minions back <number> walk Earth again. That's a purely Zionist belief. We want <number> stop... 
 A common theme when the Israelis are involved. Unfortunately, most are not captured on film in this manner. The outpouring of sympathy around the world would intensify if the wounded were shown graphically. But Zionist controlled MSM will not allow it. Out of sight out of mind 
 Then stop using the word Zionists when you mean a minority group of Jewish globalists. It may not feel as good, but you will avoid encouraging anti-Semites who cherish the idea of Israel and the Jews being destroyed. 
 Israel zionist is mother fuckers 
 Are you being sarcastic? Because the globalist <percent> behind all this shit also happen to be satanic pedophiles. What trumpies don’t get is that they are also Zionists. This bioweapon was a false flag used to further their globalist NWO agenda. 
 Another one who pretends zionists are innocent victims. Shit is laughable to people with common sense and a sense of decency. 
 Fuck google zionist maps! 
 I was led to believe that it was just Zionists that didn’t understand irony. 
 You know you are supposed to be a rector and not a rectum? Think your bio is out just to try and lure comments you can report. Zionist left Tory rector 
 I think you are the terrorist perhaps. Perhaps you should go to Iraq or one of the other places Zionist wish turn into their lord and master and make satan's playground. 
 Propaganda is food for ignorant! Iran´s military budget never exceeded <money> billion in the last <number> yrs. A fraction of its neighbors &amp; US. Iran success in the west Asia is due to helping natives defend their home against slave master, terrorist, racist apartheid zionist occupiers. 
 We need to fight all types of injustice &amp; unlawful bullying tactics &amp; strategies especially the fraudulent term being used by the in . They failed to pass the law on a federal level so now they are working on it on a provincial level. We will resist! 
 <percent> of British Muslims voted for Labour under Corbyn. Starmer supports the Zionist &amp; Hindutva regime mass murder, rape &amp; torture of Palestinians &amp; Kashmiris! Remember the Muslim bashing under Blair? 
 Because of this pandemic World economy went down. Zionists have always benefited economically from wars, so when they say they will bring the economy back up, expect more battles. Probably a big one. They want to use India to create mess in South Asia,and RSS is ready for them. 
 This, by has value as well. It situates AIPAC in a broader American (and American-Jewish) political climate. I do not share any of his optimism (and would not be as charitable with AIPAC), but the view from the Zionist left is worth checking out: 
 Your grandaddy spent billions in today's money to kill XTIANS! Leave alone hes property of another Zionist faction who is in charge of the Zionist bankers stranglehold over American and you are just JEALOUS! 
 racial supremacy. <number> ) The nazis causing a huge wave of migration of Jews to Palestine who would later become settlers certainly did not help. <number> ) Being anti-semitic actually helps the Zionists. <number> ) Israel literally arms neo-nazis. 
 ...the “Holocaust” being a Zionist term for their religiously ordained Passion look-a-like. 
 Child Killers that's wat they are zionist scum 
 this doesn’t change that he did a zionist propaganda film and supports the american military. go beat off to your dry piece of plywood in peace and shut the fuck up. nobody has to like your bland fav. 
 You can even see Chinese writing on the machine... Nice try Zionist Trash 
 Jonathan Ofir on edgy &amp; uncomfortable (for ZIONISTS) topic of Palestinian right of return: "Peter Beinart has opened up the one-state discussion in Zionist circles..those who could not dismiss him out of hand, sought to engage with him in serious conversation." 
 Believe murdered many more than that: * Secret party purges--many disappeared never to be seen again * Holodomor ~twice as many died in the as in the :== 
 The masses have gotten got per usual. This is nothing but an orchestrated financial collapse / depression by the Zionist Regime controlling the world. Not to mention they want everyone in isolation to stop the spread of truth from person to person. Time for everyone to wake up! 
 Anti-Zionist-Not-Antisemite of the Day: Micky Obeid (Sydney, Australia) 
 Anyways fuck zionists till it’s backwards 
 This is for an audience of one: Sheldon Adelson - who was in the front row at the White House today, watching his Zionist millions pay off. 
 Howard Ratner is def a Moderate Democrat. Probably a whole ass Zionist too. 
 The entire convention is run by Zionist boomers who HATE actual Americans. What did you expect? They never heard of Jared Holt while sitting their fat behinds on their recliners while watching Hannity or Greg Gutfeld 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : Hitler did not want the germans to know the truth either. They worked under the guise of law and order. Th… 
 Do not engage, this argument has no validity. It's a justification that's been used countless times through history. The irony is the last major group to have his tactic used against them were ethnically Jewish people. Now the Zionists get to play "close the door behind you." 
 dude i am anti-zionist this happens to be an antisemitic trope being used to criticize israel which is, surprise, still antisemitic 
 kinda funny to me how everyone just ignored that * is a full ass zionist then again what’s new 
 Yes it is deniable because as Bassam Tawil said in his book, 'palestinians' are mostly newcomers: "...most of us are the descendants of foreign workers who came to British Mandate of Palestine from the various Arab countries in the wake of the Zionist enterprise." 
 Genocide&amp;CrimesAgainst Humanity taken From the Playbook of The Nazis&amp;IDF! Neoliberalism is a Crime Against Humanity!!! For Our Planet to Survive We MUST Remove every Neocon,Neoliberal &amp;Zionist from All Our Governments!!! 
 My life’s work as an anti-racist and anti-Zionist activist makes me an antisemite according to Labour – Mondoweiss 
 Is she a Zionist terrorist as well , thanks for the information 
 Mondi is a Gay and Zionist fan! 
 "Four Iranian Christian converts have received prison sentences of between two and five years for 'acting against national security' by belonging to a house-church and 'spreading Zionist Christianity.'" – Article18 
 Pro remain,anti Palestinian, anti left, ardent zionist.Makes me think it's time to stop my union subscription to the labour party. Also this endorsement by you makes me think it's time to leave the TU altogether. I cannot support a leader who is racist to Palestinian people. 
 how do i? i add chickpeas (blanched to remove skins to make smoother) with lemon juice, cumin salt, garlic, tahini, and good olive oil and make my own and not support evil zionist corporations. 
 all this to decribiliseh the palastinian Do you also know that the Zionists financed Hitler with money from Jews in order to have their own state? 
 BoD are a Tory supporting Zionist lobby. It's at the top of the checklist. 
 "... more than <percent> of then land ..." LOL you have to read more than the 'zionist propaganda' version 
 isnt he like, a zionist the last one just says he went to israel a buncha times 
 It is called a Zionists narrative! Jews, Christians, Muslims, minorities etc live side by side for centuries until the Zionists came to occupy. 
 Because let’s face it, you lot won. Corbyn’s gone, you’ve got a Zionist sympathiser running Labour. I just want to know what makes you tick. You’re an intelligent lady. I’m intrigued. 
 Look, I’m not going to co-opt this thread. Read the writings of the Satmar Rebbe, Shaul Magid just wrote a good piece about this in Tablet. It wasn’t just Satmar, and it wasn’t just chasidim. There’s a difference between dealing with the reality of the state, and being a Zionist. 
 The Racist Zionist Terrorist Aparteid State of Israel (Occupied Palestine) will never change it brutal and inhumane treatment of Palestinians. 
 This discussion doesn’t lend itself well to tweets, but the Revisionist Zionist Parties in the mainstream of Israeli politics have had to content itself by winning essentially non-victories since <number> . There are interJewish and greater international reasons for this. 
 She will soon forget all that, when AIPAC turns the screws, she will become a warmonger! Watch this space! 
 This is Zionism at work. You should mobilize the facts before you act. Islam has nothing to do with this whabbi zionist 
 taking suggestions for the new fredric anthem that isn’t by a zionist 
 The enemies of Prophet Mohammad (PBUH) and Ali (ع) to hell 
 BDS all Zionist business 
 Germany is the biggest donor to te Unwrs with <money> million every month before the EU with <money> million, where Germany makes nearly <percent> of again. And its funding beside this many special programs. But onyl for palestinians in Israel,Syria, Lebanon or wehre ever 
 Labor Zionists sought to build land through socialist Zionists only. Jabo very much free marketer and Zionism for all. Religous and secular. Jabo right of center on core issues, regardless of view of school and healthcare in his time. Regardless of the utility of l/r labels. 
 Pissing off Zionist liberals is one of my most favorite pass times, only to be rivaled with pissing off neoconservative Zionists. I’ll add this to my accomplishments for the day. Appreciate the exposure. 
 TR had lost control of EDL b/cos of hardcore extremists threatening him, he needed to be bailed out and MN facilitated. TR was govt stooge. MN another govt stooge hoped for govt money and TR was hooked up with Canadian/US Zionist sponsors. 
 First emissaries to Dubai Jewish community - World Zionist Organization to send its first ever emissaries to the Jewish community of an Arab nation in wake of Israel-UAE peace deal. | Israel National News 
 What gives YOU the right to even say what should be like? It's NOT your country, &amp; you &amp; your son-in-law DIDN'T even bother with the i.e. the INDIGENOUS people of . 
 Nothing like a non-Jewish person calling an /actual/ Jewish person a Holocaust denier just because they aren’t a Zionist 
 Can not believe people still think ramsis II was the torah pharouh... or that egyptian kings where called pharouhs to begin with... zionists really rule the world 
 Yes, but from the side of the enemy I am afraid..Zionists are at the gates, my brother. 
 It was the who invited and hosted the Nazi's in Palestine. Baron von Middlestein and Eichman. .It was Zionist terrorists who wrote to the Nazis and offered to work with them while the Nazis were killing in Germany. Think about it!!!!! 
 Not to mention the insane censorship on college campuses of anti-zionist voices over the years, state legislation against BDS movement and even legislation banning criticism of Israel’s human rights record in Florida. It has jack all to do with Twitter. 
 TRUMP REGIME NEGLECTED WARNING ABOUT CORONA VIRUS-PRESIDENT WAS ONLY INTERESTED IN EXPANDING ISRAEL ZIONISTS ENTITY IN OCCUPIED PALESTINE PRESIDENT TRUMP COMMITTED MURDERS IN IRAQ-LOOTING SYRIAN OIL FIELD S EVERY DAY THIS MUST STOP TRUMP VIOLATION TO HUMAN RIGHT INTERNATIONAL LAW 
 Treacherous/selfish act by , betraying all &amp; even to kiss &amp; bow at bloody hands of convicted zionist murderers/occupiers of nuclear apartheid regime &amp; mossad mercenaries for vested interest/trade, fallen dorks. 
 Do not forget to be mindful of the planet while throwing the Zionists to the sea! 
 WHY DOES 'HAMAS' n 'HEZBOLLAH' Exist, though They r Sunni Zionists? 
 This guy is a Zionist shill who works for the globalists they had no intention on any small business getting money didn’t people learn from the corrupt housing scam how banks treat people they lie and cheat for their masters,ALL government sold us out!fascism 
 Yea, I should have known not to engage with f**King lunatic zionists, should not I? Hasbara be blessed 
 Enjoy your day. No one I know is a Zionist. 
 There is not left, there is radical right and ultra radical right, Republicans are white supremacist and Democrats are the KKK, both under supervision and management of AIPAC , Green Party is the only decent and honest party with reasonable policies, but the Zionist media ignore. 
 So if one of these "zionist" guys reported on a virus in China. Would you then say it's safe to travel to that region in China because someone you do not like reported on the story so the story must be inaccurate? Do you hear how foolish that reasoning is? 
 The Semetics, Palestinians &amp; Arabs lived together peacefully. Then the East European Zionists turned up and all hell broke loose! 
 She was agressively anti Zionist 
 Zionist Rulers of Saudi Arabia 
 That seems just a Zionist organizations meeting, not to contain coronavirus outbreak, but to ruin Islamic power in the world. 
 He’s not even not a Zionist necessarily, he just thinks that Israel expansion has gone too far. That’s how petty and disgusting right wing zionists are. 
 He is not the head coach. He is the defensive coordinator. If he was a Zionist Jew, would you be rooting for him? 
 Have you heard of <number> million Iranians murdered in British Zionist manufactured famine of <number> ? That was nearly HALF of Iran’s population that was killed by secretly warehousing and then selling all grain and food stuffs abroad! Read book by prof. Majd on the subject 
 Zionists really puttin our chairs to watch our people die like it’s a show to enjoy or sum...this world is f-ed up 
 own They don’t want peace they want to keep status quo the satanic land stealing &amp; inhumane violations silent &amp; secret ! 
 I do not care about Zionists - I already exposed the world 
 reading the pro-capitalist zionist essay i wrote on Pan-Arabism in the 9th grade that also happened to be a crossover macbeth analysis 
 Yes, I know, I just wanted to add a layer of this Egregious Evil, that Zionists want, besides Iran, where Zionists have been fuming for <number> years to get their "Usury" back in place. But yes, understood. 
 No concept there of a zionist state. Such a thing was forsworn by zionists and hardly imaginable, without the massive migration from Europe. 
 <number> million a day our taxpayer money wasted to support apartheid evil Zionist Israel murdering by bombing using our Americans weapons over all innocent civilians women and children in Palestine Syria Jordan &amp; elsewhere in Middle East. We needed our money to be reinvested in USA 
 Zionists calling others hateful!? Like the sun calling the moon too hot. 
 Thats very kind of you. But also please expose ZIONIST STATE OF ISRAEL 
 Hang on, I thought the party was now in the hands of the Zionists. Lisa Nandy urges ban on imports of West Bank goods 
 Think John McCain's funeral but with a slightly larger number of Zionist war criminals in attendance. 
 Is your brother also an anti-Zionist former prisoner? Because if so you know not to vote for Likud or B&amp;W because they’ll continue Occupation. I mean, one is slightly less worse than the other, but if you wanna get folks who care abt Palestinians in Knesset, you know your options 
 I do not blame Israel for using America and sicking it dry. Any country would do the same Inc the Arab countries if they were clever enough. Kudos to Israel for pulling it off. I blame the US electorate that chooses Trump, Biden and other Zionists to help them become poorer. 
 Hey i noticed u commented good job king on that guy's page. Just looking out for you he's racist, says the n word, body shames women, etc. the only reason he had to tweet support for zionism is because of can*rymissuon. I know you are a zionist which I do not agree w/ but- 
 You might as well block me because I am sick of pseudo science. I am also sick of false religion. The Christian-Zionist unreservedly supporting Israel and the petrodollar and climate activists turning Christianity into a social movement. You are wrong. God will show you. 
 Good one Maurice 
 The Zionist bastards target every decent person in this world, they loby, conspire &amp; lie every day to keep the status quo and continue to get away with their crimes against humanity! Stop the Zionists now before they destroy the world. It is your duty to challenge them! 
 Roger Waters: My letter in response to Keir Starmer’s Labour party capitulating to the zionists via 
 are going after for daring to criticize ; it's a losing game, given the country's slide into as 's trial &amp; planned of the make radioactively &amp; boost ... 
 Tomorrow the Zionist State of Israel will invade another area of the West Bank - I can hear the deadly silence from the Blue and Red Tories already. But if they behave like Nazis then they are no better. 
 They took this out of context completely lmao. She made it clear that she wasn’t siding with their politics or their occupation bc frankly she has no clue about any of this. I was disappointed at first too. But her management at the time were zionists and lead her astray. 
 idk what harry has said but you can be a zionist and disagree with the actions of the israeli government. zionism just means jewish right to self-determination. everyone deserves a right to self-determination. please don’t conflate supporting the israeli government and zionism. 
 Is this the same false info provided by the zionist terrorist regime israel when iraq and millions were murdered. No more war for israhell. 
 When Israel was but a dream... “The Zionist Plan” check my new article that talks about Theodore Herzl plan. 
 Obviously supporters are worshipping Satanic/anti-Christ cult whether intentionally as Chabadist-Zionists WH advisers/supervisors / or due to their blatant religious ignorance in mass 
 not you being a zionist i am- 
 British Jews are all victims of antisemitism and have every right to fight it, regardless of whether they’re Zionists or not. This is just Jew-baiting. 
 When was free of Zionists!! The city of , <number> 
 , , &amp; all endorsed for re-election but the is trailing critic of by <number> votes &amp; <number> points in the ... 
 The "real Jews" eh? Which Jews are "real" and which are not ? Was Hajo Meyer not a real Jew? The Nazis certainly seemed to think he was a real Jew when they sent him to Auschwitz. He was proud of being Jewish, but anti-Zionist. 
 Trump is absolutely the equivalent to the Bush crime cabal. Bush Administration Three. More ME meddling. Hired many many Bush leftovers. Doing little or nothing to deal with security and amnesty and birthright citizenship. Globalists..Neocons and Zionists are these. 
 Something more human than the zionists: 
 I am not a fuckin Zionist lmao what 
 The worst thing is Facebook is a capitalist version of East Germany when it comes to speaking truth to Zionist power. Report the truth, and receive the social media equivalent of summary execution without trial. Free speech MUST penetrate social media. 
 You suggested that we can act to remove whatever it is that fuel terrorism. This is disgusting coming from someone who describes himself as a Zionist. 
 The Jewish/Zionist/Communist Subversion of White South Africa Jews conspired to destroy the White South African government and murder the Boer / Afrikaaner people. 
 Oh dear, i think the Hasbara toys are gonna fly out the Zionist baby pram! Hissy fit alert!!!!! 
 Christian Zionists: Turkeys voting for and anticipating Christmas. Brainless. 
 I cannot read a column of a Zionist boy 
 I WILL vote for Biden, if he is the only choice, even though he is an avowed Zionist who takes "Big Money!" does not like the establishment? WHY is she ProJoe? Hypocrite … 
 Zionists have trashed this man because they are afraid of him and a lot of black folks have bought into it. 
 Nikki Haley is nothing but a Zionist clown 
 Actually they organized this cime as a threaten while the shameful anniversary of Hiroshima &amp; Nagasaki on reach! In real nobody does not fear these terrorists! Coz all the things has proofs the future has no any place for the US &amp; Israel's Evangelic/Zionist Terrorist Regimes! 
 American Jewish leaders should “speak honestly and openly,” says — so pivot to : “annexation would be a tragic mistake,” a case he made in passionate, Zionist terms, just now, 
 Zionist activist alert! Time sensitive action is demanded of us to act before <number> / <number> . 
 Facebook is administered by zionist millenials whose only touch to history studies are Playstation and NFL. 
 Its because we are . If it were not for us Jews and especially, the type, the world would be a better place. The moment someone speaks the truth about us, we hound them in packs and label them 
 He is No. <number> Anti Zionist person around the globe. In Iran we even have representative of Jews in parliment. But there is no room for Zionists. 
 Ayatollah Tweets "Wealthy Zionists" Control America Amid Push To Get Him Banned From Twitter | Zero Hedge 
 Love yh sick human being you know it exists and of the imprisonments of Palestinian kids not to mention the treatment of elderly woman your day will come god will deal with you and your cowardly Zionist cult 
 Friends of Nick Kroll whose dad is a POS super Zionist. He chooses his words carefully. 
 Oh he blocked me! Just when i was getting to know him and his Jew..oops I mean Zionist...hatred 
 Zionists mouth piece 
 Being pro abortion is another strike against them as far as I am concerned. Valid answers matter but so far the only reason you have given to support them that I agree with is them being anti-zionist but they seem to mainly care about Palestine rather than domestic interference. 
 while we get jeff lets get tamar too i hope yall havent forgotten that stupid zionist hag c-nt 
 Zionists do not support the right of people of European descent to have their own countries, so why should anyone stand with the Zionists and the Jewish etnostate of Israel? Support requires reciprocity. 
 WAKE UP FELLOW AMERICANS... The Zionists Own and Control Biden, Kamala, Trump, Congress and the Senate &amp; even Own and Control Local, State, &amp; National Politicians. Damn if you vote Biden and Kamala, and Damn if you do not. Irrespective, to sleep well at night VOTE ALTERNATE... 
 You should not be offended because it is merely a comparison of today's zionists with yesterday's nazis. 
 Is this a Parody Account? Human Rights have been denied to Palestinians for <number> years by Zionist Israel which is currently engaged in Ethnc Cleansing! Time to ACT and stop talking! 
 I didn’t say that!!!!!!! I said the exact opposite. I said zionists are the problem and the people who support them. Never said anything bad didn’t even mention the word “jew” until you brought it up. 
 I’ve seen almost identical patterns with the thousands of accounts which promote the Christian and Jewish Zionist agenda 
 I do not accuse Jews of being zionists, if that is what you are getting at. 
 The Truth is painful and horrifying....can you handle it or would you prefer the comfort of Zionist lies! 
 To middle easterns the term settler is used to describe what zionists do to palistinians So its a charged word Its a euphamism for colonizer I wonder how many people who get offended are white vs other ethnicities? 
 Talked with zionists murderer who is facing a trial over corruption. Bds 
 It's as if their beliefs have "mysteriously" been inverted from "following Christ" My Coptic friends in Egypt called the Zionist Regime "dogs" and OBVIOUSLY side with Palestinians, as any actual Christian would. It's crystal clear as to who is being oppressed &amp; ERASED 
 While corona is killing people around the world, Zionists just killed a palestinian in the west bank. 
 Says the Right-Wing Neo-Con Zionist Warmonger. Never been a War this fucker never liked. More on the ORG he works for, the . A shower of of Horrible Cunts. 
 One of the greatest plunder is continuously going on in the land &amp; world has not done justice to the people of Palestine who are living in oppression and their land is illegalky annexed by ever expanding zionist State. 
 the way y’all "cancelled" chris evans for playing in the zionist movie but celebrate haley bennett every fucking day on this app 
 Biden establishment Neo-Lib zionist sympathizer Elite. Over <number> yrs he spoke about cutting freezing raising the age on SS Medicare I am sure his kids collected SS when his wife died. 
 But even the Soviets classified Jews as a nationality. That's why they tried giving us Birobidzhan. That actually makes them Zionists. As Zionism in its loosest form is just the acknowledgment that Jews have national self-determination. 
 Strange! After blocking Iranian economic help to Lebanon, and trying to divide the country (civil-war?) making it one more destroyed nation in ME, Zionists still did not appear w/another deal of the century as saviors of the country, in exchange of Israel recognition? 
 i am not trying to be a zionist apologist i totally understand your point i am literally just trying to tell you that not every person is informed about this whole crisis and that yes even at <number> you can make mistakes and are definitely not a whole adult 
 For how long we will see our young generation killed by these zionist forces ??? May they Rest in peace,May ALLAH grant them high ranks in JANNAH . 
 That would be amazing. But if they do, I give it a day before the anti-zionist conspiracy nutballs start their bs on this. 
 Wise act by to stick with peace plan to support struggling Palestinians vs zionist nuclear apartheid warmongers/war criminals regime. step of braking ranks is of selfish/treacherous one. 
 Also untrue. No Zionist wants Jews to be killed in a genocide. Not to mention, living in Europe does not make one anti-Zionist. Revisionist Zionists might be considered far right to some, but we certainly aren’t Nazis. 
 Typical terrorist Zionists. Run out of more lies to tell. 
 They (UAE) are colony, just like SA. Another miscalculation by Trump administration and Zionist masters. 
 We already have more followers than the Catholic Church &amp; if you knew Islam you would know it’s not Islam v Christianity but Islam &amp; Christianity against Zionist. 
 Hi all on this thread, I present to you a hard Zionist who believes Palestinian children and Palestinian medics are terrorists. Maurice, please give us your thoughts on the above video. 
 The fight to end Palestinian suffering becomes a fight to redeem Judaism from its definition by Zionism. So INN organizers become radicalized as anti-zionist, but only by displacing Palestinians for their own communities as those who need "saving" from the occupation. 
 We’re talking about lasting ==. IN THE LAND = that Zionists want to claim 
 Good. How about Birthright for Palestinians whose parents and grandparents were ethnically "cleansed" by Zionists? 
 Hollywood lies: Unlike the lies of the Zionist media and Hollywood films, Mahdi is the Savior of the world, not its terminator. 
 the Nazis, the worlds superpowers decided to agree to Zionist demands for a Jewish homeland to be set up in the region called Palestine, which was already occupied by the indigenous Palestinians. Many politicians and human rights activists around the world warned 
 Join us today to understand the Zionist Annexation Plan of 
 muhahahaha war against Zionist and their father gets his salary from the UK, the UK provided Al Saud weapons and money, the same UK gave Jews that land 
 Ottoman rule was most benevolent for the Jews among all the other monarchies of Europe. Jews however committed treachery &amp; injustice against Muslims by stealing &amp; occupying Muslim land of Palestine. Present day Muslims have therefore turned against Zionist Jews 
 It does not and there are many non Zionist Jews. You have clearly lead a very sheltered existence. 
 Rothschild Zionists got their hands on uk to 
 why, for zionist gaga pls 
 Zionists are fucking pigs. Do not allow them in leftist circles. They are not allies. &amp; somebody please inform them that a Jewish state directly violates the Standing Prayer &amp; the <number> Oaths, the foundation of Jewish law for the last <number> years. IOW, Zionists are not Jews! 
 We are seeing what happens, brother. A pandemic is created so as to distract from the installation of 5G death vibes. While evil monsters like Bill Gates push for poisonous vaccines. Meanwhile delusional Zionists keep on stealing and killing for "promise land". 
 Citation needed, also stop pretending Putin is anti Zionist. He’s explicitly pro Zionist, and has worshipped at the wall over in Israel 
 Even if you are anti zionist, there is a link between increased anti Zionism with increased antisemitism 
 would crush the Zionist gangs very quickly and that there was no need for panic or fear for a long exile." [Sada al-Janub ( <date> ) quoted in Samuel Katz, Battleground, pp. <number> - <number> ] 
 Neither do the Zionists in Israel; wiping out the Palestinian population right now, every day. 
 Trump fired a Zionist..good..put a Christian in there.. 
 I said ‘state’ in parenthesis ! I said RACIST THE <number> Knesset LAW says Jews, Jewish agency and Jewish generations and it’s Jewish ‘state’ ZIONISTS RACIST LIARS AND THIEVES 
 These are Andrew Yang's words. I do not want any future with another neoliberal, another owned by Zionist Democrat. His foreign policy reg Vz. China, &amp; that Iran is the destabilizing force in region, when it was US, Trump who left JCPOA. He supports Trump 
 Good people...meaning weak and submissive enough for Islamists to control. Those good people live in relative safety now. But things can change. And Israel with its Zionists will be there for them in that event. 
 That's the real face of the racist Israeli Zionists! Long live Palestine! 
 When Zionists lose an argument they engage in baseless smears . falsely labeled . ”Anti-Semitic” 
 IF YOU WANT PEACE IN THE WORLD – get rid of the warmongers, the Zionists, the neo-cons, the lying, cheating, stealing demons: like , , , and their kind. 
 It is difficult to engage in a thread when individual(s) block me, and then post a response so that I can neither read the response nor respond to it. Stereotypically Zionist behavior. And now, for the time being, I will let you have the last word... 
 Tulsi Gabbard is the only candidate not prostrating herself before the Black community &amp; the Zionist L Lobbyists for their support. Just &amp; be done with it. 
 The Zionist apartheid must be stopped now. 
 US gov't being (or has been) taken over by israel-firsters (Zionists). Here are many of them in the US gov't: 
 i’m in the gc that started it. they didn’t think it’d take off. but seriously tho apparently he’s a zionist. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : Instead, the GOP has handed him *all* of the power. We cannot accept this 21st century version of the Enabling Act,… 
 Zionist looks a mess 
 The global corruption and injustice and doubt among people created by the Zionist media itself is the necessity for the coming of the Promised Savior. O people of the world: please know the Promised Mahdi better and ignore the Hollywood’s lies. 
 CNN FAKE NEWS ZIONIST NEWS NETWORK 
 Is the congregation supportive of your anti Zionist rabbi who harasses Zionist jews in-line? 
 The word Jew in itself means to those who belonged to the kingdom of Judah. So as I said before, if the Bible is irrelevant, why call themselves a Jew or Jewish? Why did the proclaim themselves as Zionists in the Balfour declaration? 
 Glasgow fascist israeli Zionists stalkers and stranglers with the well known Nazi Max Dunbar who is also a supporter of ethnic cleansing and a holocaust denier 
 Zionists .. Youssef is the FATHER of JESUS ️ 
 They’re saying that Bc Harry made some remarks which made it seem like he’s a Zionist and he still hasn’t apologized. He lost fans Bc of this. 
 The ultra-Zionists like Netanyahu are very much tied to the Trump cult. 
 Isis=mossad/CIA Saudi =Al quaeda /Israel same thing Stalin and Lenin =Zionists. Most powerful richest family in the world =Rothschilds, who oversee/own: Hollywood Education Banking Law Diamond and gold merchants All high level intelligence agencies MSM Oil Big pharma Government 
 Barack Hussein Obama is a Rothschild Zionist Extremist. Along with his little pal Hillary Rodham Clinton. 
 Sisi, the installed dictator puppet, in full preparations to support his co-dictator hafter in libya (both zionist puppets) 
 Hundreds of oppressed Palestinians die each year as a result of the atrocities committed by the Zionist military. Miserable day will never be forgotten ... 
 So is the UK House of Common, unfortunately. The Members of Parliament go on all expenses paid trips to Israel and come back ardent Zionists. 
 Saudi TV shows spark uproar over Zionist promotion of Israel via 
 They call anti zionists jews self hating yet, they’re in bed with fascists 
 RIP Rachel Corrie... A real life hero who was murdered by the Zionist military who ran over her, breaking her back and crushing her with a bulldozer as she protested Israel tearing down innocent Palestinian's homes. 
 There is no doubt about it Palestine belongs to Palestinian Muslims, not terrorist Zionist Jews 
 Money better spent on Gaza making it safe from Zionists. 
 It's part of the Zionist agenda to introduce the downfall of the US. 
 None of them are antisemitic. And though many of us are anti Zionist, none of us are anti Israel. The gangsters who run haaretz yisrael have turned a light unto nations and a lamp unto the world into just another petty nationalism. The gangsters in Tel Aviv are killing our faith. 
 WAKE UP FELLOW AMERICANS... The Zionists Own and Control Biden, Kamala, Trump, Congress and the Senate &amp; even Own and Control Local, State, &amp; National Politicians. Damn if you vote Biden and Kamala, and Damn if you do not. Irrespective, to sleep well at night VOTE ALTERNATE... 
 Trump and Pompeo have become an unusual and extraordinary threat to national security and to the people of the USA they do not care about the health of their people, they are only concerned with corporations and the approval of their Zionist masters 
 Yes. Where exactly to draw the lines is an interesting argument to have. I just think we should be careful before accepting too flexible a definition with which, for instance, someone like the Shabsai Tzvi could be classified as a proto-Zionist. 
 Zionist? Every time I hear conservatives complain about being called racist, I have to explain what dog-whistling means So this is for you: 
 is the world's most prominent hypocrite. He said a lot but like all "presidents" before him he was the banksters' selected choice. He could only do one thing: fulfill the zionist agenda. 
 Rubbish!!! Churchill, is about clinging onto Anglo genocidal past.... India, China, Africa, America, Australia, Palestine.... Russia saved Europe from Zionist Nazi chaos... Our history is a lie!!! Schools, History channel, BBC is an indoctrination platform preaching lies... 
 shut your ugly zionist ass up 
 As a Jewish but secular Zionist, I have to disagree with you on this one, Mort. And in a world where religion seems to engender divisiveness and hate, imagine a world where religion is not necessary to achieve peace and love with all mankind. 
 Zionist DISTORTED history There’s NO DAVID NO KINGDOM NO CIVILISATION Whatsoever .. Babylonia Babblings .. At best: TOTAL Kingdoms 300yrs ==. BLIP IN HISTORY == A Flash In The Pan 
 Being the chief Zionist puppet is a sad and depressing <number> / <number> frozen land. 
 <number> . Ottawa moreover Tel-Aviv, to name a few, are just as guilty in propping that regime up. In Tel-Aviv, dissident anti Zionist Israeli lawyer Eitay Mack has filed a huge case against Netanyahu for arming neo Nazi Ukrainiab war criminals thst Obomba first brought to power. 
 Palestine does exist This Israel is on Palestine land Zionists can NOT ‘cover’ this simple fact ! 
 Zionist dogs 
 Why are whites sitting in the black only area 
 "Oh I am an undercover agent just because I used my agency to assist the cops while wearing plain clothes, also I am a Zionist??? Ok" 
 I am blocked by all of them but I will guessing that leftist Twitter is using this to attack Jews, the "Jewish establishment," Zionist, Israel, the ADL, and I am gonna throw in a fun one: Chelsea Clinton. 
 Israel is a Zionist occupation that resides in a land that does not belong to him .. Your support for it is illegal and is not recognized between countries 
 The spark of hate and war was sowed by Zionists that weaponized Jews as victims to repopulate stolen palestine 
 The Zionist plan for moslem middle East. 
 I mean jews have given Zionism other meanings as well I wasn’t even referring to goyim in my last comment. Saying you’re a Zionist unfortunately carries the weight of the conflict and that’s something we have to come to terms with, we can’t just change everyone’s mind abt that 
 Golly gee....hown convenient...these attacks were orchestrated.....America is under an evil Zionist occupation.....wars in the middle east is what they want....and what they are getting 
 so much in common with ws zionist evangelicals in this country... 
 she’s literally a zionist aswell.. just stop it right there, time to unstan it’s getting embarrassing now 
 No it says zionists not jews. 
 The deal of the century will be nothing but a consecration of the occupation and plans for the expansion of the Zionist entity, it will be rejected by every Arab loyal to his homeland and every human being loyal to his humanity and aspiring to peace and security of this planet . 
 Most Gulf Arab Emirates are slaves to Zionists. 
 This guy explains one important fact very well: "Zionism is purely a political movement." Zionist sound like white nationalists when they talk about self-determination. 
 Convincing Islamists, fascists and all anti-Zionists that the Palestinian-Israeli conflict is over - - 
 Whereas your friend, racist Zionist Israel, receives over <money> , <number> worth of FREE weaponry paid for with 'fundraising' from US taxpayers. Your friend Israel was born of Jewish terrorism and kills more than Hamas. Hypocrite! 
 is No Enemy to Pure Israelis(Real Hebrews) just Devil Zionist!! is Alive and Ready. 
 Roughly, yes. Devout zionist talk to anyone under the age of <number> challenge 
 Do you really think this whole conflict started because Syrians wanted better living conditions and not because Syria was on a list of countries that the zionists wanted regime change in? 
 uhm yes by barbz &amp; zionists 
 Hi All, “Fooled” Christian Zionists DFW's Best 
 Of the PalestiniansWho have been ethnically cleansed,had their lands stolen,and live in an open air prison!! Palestine has been occupied for decades at the hands of the victimised Zionist Israelis . Israel is an apartheid state , funded and protected by the warmongering US 
 Equally with respect, Passover makes me think of &amp; miss my late mom &amp; grandparents, and of wonderful family times in the past. I have never been to Israel, do not go to Synagogue, &amp; am not a Zionist. It's about family &amp; food. To me the saying has nothing to do with Palestine/Israel. 
 Just because u're unaware that Our"Country"is Owned by these FAMILIES Owning <percent> of ALL EARTHLY ASSETS does not mean they do not Own Them,&amp;YOU. Any Marine w/a sense of History would not be questioning"relevance"of BLM Being PAID FOR BY Zionist Bank Families TheJewsOwnAllTheBanks 
 All of them got paid by the Zionist lobby, damage done, time to exit. Classic 
 What are you doing about this UN? Are you waiting for a real blow up? There is only so much people can take from these Sick Zionist Jews. Send in UN troops. 
 This is how Zionist brainwash thier kids at a young age. One want to puke seeing this clip, but then again we are dealing with brutal racist society that lives on the back of misery of thier victims. 
 Damn, your name is the reason why corbyn was amazing. Wanted to stop Israel from growing and help the Palestinians back up. Hopefully Palestine becomes free of Zionist nobs like our Tory government and other governments that ass luck Israel. 
 Keir Starmer’s job in winning back the ‘red wall’ is tougher than it looks | Andrew Grice starmer &amp; his blue labour will NEVER win back the red vote...... NEVER! He is a Zionist Tory 
 Nooooooooo. Its not TRUE. Se fare against you and zionists (no Hebrews jewish people). 
 DEAMATION ALERT Are you calling him an antisemite? Starmer is a proud Zionist- Is it antisemitic to question his donations? 
 Never Astonish!Same bastards who are doomed to Zionists &amp; Evangelic's supports! I have been waiting when Bahrain'll announce the alliance of bastardy &amp; ignominy!Here at last they did! Just stayed Egypt! Then <number> Bastard of the All Ages will appear clearly to deserve Big Punishment! 
 The news orgs. employ actors. The <percent> control media. Media is there to spread fear, it's the new currency. Foxnews is a pagan evangelist cult enabler they always looking for the rapture. Zionist &amp; evangelist biggest threat to mankind. The Hunger Games society is being simulated. 
 Indeed the price will be high... You can not trust zionists 
 Let no false words convince you otherwise; the Turkish army is a NATO army, and their joint targeting of Syrian air defenses with the Zionist army is merely their latest demonstration of where their allegiance lies. 
 Jews resist Nazi Holocaust are heros. But Palestinians resist Zionist Nakba are terrorists? Speaking up for Jews is fighting for humanity. But speaking up for Palestinians is Anti-Semitic? Can you say "double standard"? 
 So despite its vague (I assume calculatedly so) campaign literature, my default assumption is that a vote for Kol Yisrael - which did not run in the last World Zionist Congress elections - would mean a vote for the policies of the Israeli right. I will pass. / <number> 
 She's a RABBI!!!! If you do not believe here you will GO TO HELL!!!! FOREVER!!!! Try believing your religion instead of being a racist Zionist!!! 
 What democracy your politicians in Washington DC are Zionists puppets whoever you vote for they sold you out to their Zionists masters. All USA wars since <number> / <number> inside job were on behalf of Zionists entity that occupies Palestine. These wars cost USA over <money> trillion so far. 
 Thereby, identifying itself as a Jewish state. But when it does that while it runs a de facto apartheid regime clearly shows that Israel has no intention of recognizing that Palestinian cities were ethnically cleansed to make way <number> the Zionist state, or recognizing our connection 
 Sounds like warmerica and zionists Israel. West point bullshit artist 
 I think george zoros wasuslim brotherhood and he funded ze zionists, ze martians. I saw what they did in war of zeh worlds. We are onto you zoros! 
 It's insane to sign a pledge allegiance to Israel to speak at public uni in USA. USA is totally under the control of the zionists. 
 Looking pretty good to me. You ain't seen nothing yet. I know they are trying the Hegelian Dialectic but it will not work. I despise the Anglo-Zionists AND the Globo-Bolsheviks. There are no "good guys". Judgement Day is coming. 
 This is our guy Thank you for standing against Zionists crimes. 
 I know about this so-called progressive Zionist movement. It's a mixed bag of people with different views, mostly not agreeing with each other &amp; mostly in support of Palestinians not given autonomy. Some are humanitarian, &amp; they are ok. 
 A question which could only be posed by a fervent Canadian Zionist unable to grasp that the vast majority of Americans find the militant/racist blood and soil ultra-nationalism of VZ Jabotinsky and Rabbi Kook to be alien and supremacist while inspiring the like of Richard Spencer 
 FASCIST ZIONIST DOGS! 
 Yep, there is much more but even back in the early 1900s these English text referred to the region of Palestine not Zionist Israel... 
 We have proven it true on this thread, more than once, too. It gets old that Zionists come along spewing ignorant claims about equality re a state intended to favor Jews over non-Jews. That is the point of a Jewish state. 
 Zionists kill their own MYTHS Zionists quoting history: from 7th century to 20th century Palestinian (non-Jewish) immigrants accounted for <percent> of TOTAL Palestinian indigenous population Thank you Next customer please (Bell ) 
 the way the language of gay mormon defenders so often mirrors that of zionists is wild lol 
 Great decision by to stick with peace plan to support struggling Palestinians against zionist nuclear apartheid regime of war mongers/war criminals. step of braking ranks is of selfish &amp; treacherous nature. 
 No, Palestine can not have peace with Zionists, Palestine does not cooperate with traitors like you 
 JOE FORBIDDEN AND DEVIL'S DEEP STATE 0F ISREALI ZIONISTS ARE ON <number> PAGE IF TRUMP.... WINS JEUSUS WINS IF JOE BIDEN WINS ANTI-CHRIST WINS END OF <number> ELECTION IS CIA PENTAGON DEEP STATE JOE BIDDEN VS <percent> AMERICAN WORKING CLASS TRUMP VIC A MIRACEL 
 Maybe if you bloodthirsty Israelis behaved like normal people, did not shoot innocent women &amp; children! 
 Max Dunbar the well known nazi with Glasgow fascist israeli zionist stalker and strangler knobend who with his many goons attempted to strangle me in Glasgow Scotland. I am still standing 
 All to please his Zionist leader MBS 
 EVIL ZIONISTS have no ROOTS with God's People ! this ROTTEN RACE has NO RIGHTS TO EXIST ! 
 A former National Union of Students leader called for violence against "Zionists", described Jewish societies as "Zionist outposts", and was endorsed by groups who promoted Neo-Nazi propaganda like: "Take your holocaust, roll it nice and tight and shove it up your (be creative)!” 
 Zionist dogs 
 i call this ballshit, assad just freed alepo completly from dirty US/Mossad terrorists, and his going to free all syrian territory with the help of russia,iran,hezbollah. Casualties happens in war sadly, but the zionist nato need to leave syria or get bombarded 
 What the fuck is a Christian Zionist bitch I’ll step on you 
 The largest shareholder of Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Intel, MS, Exxon, MP, Caltex, et al is the zionist Rothschilds under different shell companies. It's not how much they pay in taxes, it's how much they pay in pay-offs. 
 slavery... racism.... mean words.... let us talk about the tens of millions of deaths from their denied genocides just in the past <number> years. 
 I am a strong Zionist. I also don’t want to see the civil rights of Arabs prejudiced. This is the position of the Israeli Supreme Court and it was specified in the original <number> League of Nations Palestine Mandate for a National Jewish Home. 
 Criticize the actions and policies of Zionist Israel. Start there You will still be an antisemite 
 This is the work of a Zionist Nazi Israel and has happened since Israel was created by Bitain in Balfour Declaration ! Murders Palestinians on mass ! 
 An for being caught as a pursuing . Simply scream loudly !! and you will recover immediately. 
 Neither Tel-Hai battle, nor Jaffa riots, nor Safed massacre nor Hebron ethnic cleansing are myths. And they all happened long before "zionists" organized self-defense groups. 
 Like anti-Semitism is played by Zionist when hard scrutiny is done with them. On the note of tradition practising theirs funny new category here in India like Hindu atheist, everybody was like what?! is even that. 
 Richard Spencer does not want "a Zionist war." THIS is the Jew hater that is happy about because Spencer is unhappy about Trump. Follow the Horseshoe Theory down the Yellow Brick Road, folks. 
 Zionists doing a lot to shatter the stereotype of Jews as smart and as a dumb Jew, I thank them 
 that is why he is US president ! in order to be elected they have to fulfill some critic one is to be clueless , criminals and in total mercy of zionists narrative ! 
 Our voices are silent by the front-runners of Trump, our twits to him, trashed, our voices silent! Is there a way to break through to him bypassing the zionists census? After all, zionists run our country, and BTW, zionists are not Jewish people! 
 Biden is an ardent Zionist. He’s committed to Israeli apartheid as much as Trump. 
 All false prophets are Zionist! 
 Reeks of the Mossad, the Israel CIA Zionist Government trying to interfere in this, because they love Trump hurting Minorities and the Low &amp; Middle Class people. 
 created a new ” headed by , whose nickname is “The of .” Pompeo, like many Christian Zionists, believes that war between the United States and Iran is part of the end times, (nut ) 
 'Left zionists' at work 
 My gut feeling is that Trump wishes his daughter had married someone else Trump wanted to solve the Palestine question - he will NOT sell the Palestinians down the river I am convinced It just needs pressure to force the Zionists to give in - I feel it happening 
 Zionist rat 
 Your official page blocked me have USA passport puppet of zionist coup plotter 
 Imagine if they could dig into their pockets instead of patronising us. Maybe we need to start focusing on our local community during this pandemic. Celebs live in bubble. People like Gal Gadot does not care about peace which is the underlying message of the song 
 I am always wary of charities. If they get government funding they will not speak about the scale of harm government cuts is doing. When it comes to Zionist charities like this one, anything goes. 
 He likes the symbolism, but always remember - Trump is a Zionist. Now, Hard core zionists in Israel will tell you this in the street: to them Christians are idolaters &amp; should all be executed. Period. Seen them on videos shot in Israel by tourists. They are a minority, but vocal. 
 Not really funny tbh. What is funny tho is how butthurt you sound. Do not perpetuate the Zionist Creed habibi 
 Treacherous/selfish betraying to bow at/kiss bloody hands of mossad mercenaries/convicted zionist murderers/occupiers of nuclear apartheid regime for vested interest/ties. UAE/Bahrain sold out for sham deal. 
 Ppl rooting for Trumps demise are by default rooting for the opposition backed Ultra Zionist death cult instead 
 Rachel is a Zionist shill, a disgrace to politics &amp; a disgrace to humanity-let us hear you justify the genocide in Gaza, what do you think about heroes like who despise what you stand for-you are using Jewish people as a human shield for covert Israeli war crimes 
 Let us not forget global dimming. After <number> / <number> the global air temperature went up 2c due to the lack of aircraft contrails reflecting solar radiation back when all flights were grounded for two days according to Tel Aviv university. Obviously a massive Zionist plot 
 Come on guys, you know much better. The zionists controlled the Allies since the beginning of the twenties century and two WW were fought for them. To day they control the western world, thanks Putin ,Russia not anymore. They want Iran destroyed to grow further. 
 Wahhabi Muslims and Zionist Jews are the two most extreme religious sects in the world and for decades the American taxpayer has been funding their growth and self interests in the Middle East. I wonder if we will ever have a president that puts and end to this 
 <percent> of Jews are Zionists. 
 More power to you for taking a stand for Uyghur muslims. Now take a stand for the Palestinians, Iraqis, Afghanis, Syrians, Yemenis, Iranis in short the rest of the muslims that are being butchered by the Zionists &amp; Western allies. Thanks 
 Who are you to rule a garden or fire? I forgot that you are a Zionist 
 the problem for fanatical religious Zionists, at least, is that they are going to view the area as literally promised by HaShem to those who were not only originally part of, but remained in our community alone 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : Hitler was a political joke till enough people went with their lesser angels. Likewise for Lenin. 
 It's about to get really awkward for the radical Zionist crowd. 
 Al-Husseini was a British agent appointed to his position by a Zionist Jew who paid him, protected him and kept him out of prison. He was in exile from Palestine when he met with Hitler once. He would have been lost to history but for a Zionist. 
 KEYNOTE: Gideon Levy: The Zionist Tango: Step Left, Step Right - YouTubex 
 The Chinese Communists are Zionist? 
 There is no "Jewish state," only a Zionist state that co-opts Jewish identity to maintain a colony derisive of Levantine culture. 
 My great grandfather was a rabbi and a zionist and he was one of the founders of the modern day Jewish settlement (now city) of Petah Tikva in <number> . So Zionism was part of Judaism and existed before Herzl gave it a name. 
 Zionist jews do not get to tell the rest of the world their definition of anti Semitic. Just to cover the genocide being inflicted on the Palestinians by the State of Israel. They rightly complain of the holocaust whilst carrying out this atrocity today! 
 Q is Mossad Zionist. Just research Jared Kushner. 
 In the sense that most Jews believe that we have a right to not be the subject of another genocide. Obviously not all Jews are Zionist but Nazi conspiracy theories typically are not really picky with which term they would like to go with. 
 Don’t we all want a kinky zionist for Chanukah? 
 Do not bother with Sen Tom Cotton, he's a known zionist. He Introduced a Resolution Encouraging the US to Recognize " !srael’s Sovereignty Over Golan Heights" and co-sponsored a Senate bill to recognize Jerusalem as capital of !srael. 
 Zionist and Christians are so obsessed with the end times I wonder why 
 isnt lady gaga a zionist 
 How u feel living poor Cannada who belongs to UK &amp;US =Zionist. All of them despise. Your owner is an cruel and old lady who live in England(aka zionist) Wouu.. Make me feel sad. 
 () is a holy city for all . may not limit its access to the only, and restrict its visit for the followers of other religions. 
 Oprah and Gayle have a contest - The public response is hilarious via 
 I really hate my bitch ass dad sometimes. He’s saying GOD HERSELF put Trump as our president, because Trump is a Zionist. FUCK THAT NOISE! Like, sir, Trump will cut Social Security, your ONLY TYPE of income atm. I yelled at him sooo bad &amp; defended Democrats like Sanders &amp; Warren 
 What else did you expect, now that we have a self-confessed Zionist, who "supports Zionism without question", leading ? 
 the same people also touted that to be a Good Intersectional Feminist you couldn’t criticize Israel or be anti-zionist bc that would be antisemitic and agh. i still get shivers over that one. both came up Over and Over Again 
 The founder's of your kingdom were J*wish dacoits who falsely accepted Islam just to distroy islam &amp; further the zionist agenda. Yet they are slave's to their master's and are giving Islam a bad name. 
 What weapon do you have, when you have family and daughters that need you for survival, what military weapons do these people have against modern weapons against Zionist.. and your enemy are backed by Israel and AMURDECA and other big country supporting Israel, so what choice? 
 Indians are not like Zionists. We did not grab Kashmiri land, infact we gave them special status under <number> article. But in return, Kashmiri muslims attacked Hindu Kashmiri minority. Forces still protect common Kashmiri muslims and only kill terrorists. <number> / 
 Well, naturally, by definition, all Israelis are citizens of Israel, but of course the West Bank and Gaza have been part of the state of Israel for many decades, but the residents there are only permitted citizenship if they are Jewish. 
 Because you use anti-Zionist propaganda instead to try and conceal it, just like the middle class Corbynistas that are behind the BLM account. 
 Subramanian Swamy: Zionist Israel &amp; Hindu India must come together against Islamic extrem¡sts In a recent speech, Subramanian Swamy said there is a cl of civilisations internationally, and Zion &amp; Hindutva state of India must come together. 
 "That many Arabs remain in Israel clearly challenges the myth that Israeli Jews (ie Zionists), tried to rid the country of its Moslem inhabitants." How does that jive with annexation? 
 It's obvious because india is now ruling by a butcher, supporting by zionist and backing by RSS terrorists. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : Interesting, the predecessor of the bundesrepublik(you know… 
 What happened Zionist media controllers?My time to interact with your clowns is over??? 
 No wonder you can not identify to me or to anyone else the identity of the <number> Arab States you claim support 's Pieces Plan. They simply do not exist. Your ignorance &amp; dishonesty is merely reflective of Zionist society. 
 Is that mostly because non-Jewish hardline Zionists usually come with a large dollop of supercessionusm and a side of anti-Semitism? 
 Interesting - Zionist puppets the Lot of THEM 
 Mizrahim and Ethiopian Jews who lived under Muslim and Arab rule are historically reliable Likud voters strongly opposed to land concessions to Palestinians. Jew-haters love to try to appropriate Mizrahim and Ethiopians as if they are not overwhelmingly hardcore Zionists 
 Respectfully i have questions, Are you saying there is no Jesus or God? Are you saying the Bible is not real? Was there a holocaust? I understand the zionist were/are evil. 
 when i started calling out that zionist asshole her friends/insomnia mutuals were like “we need t hear her side of the story” and that was just heart breaking. imagine going to the opressor to hear “their side of the story”. Fuck u all 
 As I am against the left I must be right. And the other way round. Yesterday, as I rejected communism, a guy called me a - Zionist! 
 also to be clear, there are worse things to me. some do meaningful work and certainly better than your average american zionist jew. but it sure is not leftist and not everything on this list is something to be proud of (and some of it is distinctly un-leftist) 
 Zionists had 𝒈𝒓𝒐𝒖𝒏𝒅𝒔 for their claim. Big difference. 
 I am so sorry for your loss. I hope the people of the illegally occupied land of Palestine rise up and destroy the Zionist state of Israel soon. 
 Looks like it. I have heard he's a well known creepy stalker of women from behind a block. Been at it for years apparently. In my experience Zionists will conjure up lie after lie to smear anyone anti-Zionist. Look at how they did it to Corbyn for <number> solid years. 
 silence zionists 
 This is what you get when you Vote Liberal - A deception Treasurer, that get spouting Surplus and e all knew that ws NDIS Millions ! And the economy was in Bad shape Long Before VOVID- <number> so you cant blame that or Labor for causing a RECESSION- ZIONIST FRYBERG ! 
 Zionists pushing the "you only fought our colonists because they are Jewish :^(" really need to read the room 
 What????...where do you learnt history? At Fiction University?...OhhhhI see...you are a zionist. 
 Now I am confused. It is Russia and the Syrian army that is liberating Idlib from al-qaeda (ISIS) sponsored by the US and Israel (and now supported by Turkey). Reports from 21st century wire etc suggest this is true. The Anglo-Zionists are behind it? 
 Judges in the pockets of Zionist bankers. 
 Who are the globalists though? I can’t see how all the conspiracy groups mesh together, particularly ‘Nazis’, Fabians, Islamists, ‘Zionists’ and the Chinese. All those groups seem opposed. 
 And tell your buddy Kuzbarah that he got owned! By a Zionist. 
 Nazi propagandist &amp; SS officer Leopold von Mildenstein was a guest of honor by Zionist organization to visit Palestine. There he met Ben Gurion who headed a Kibbutz settlement who proved to him they were the "new" Jews unlike the stereotype that the Nazis propagated.... 
 Everything the Zionist movement has ever done and everything the Palestinian national movement has failed to do, has led up to this moment. 
 Stay strong Richard. We need you match fit for the mother of all battles that is coming our way. The battle to save Jeremy Corbyn from the Zionists. 
 The President has the duty and the right to withhold aid if he deems it necessary. It's his job. And if his opponents are corrupt he SHOULD expose them! I know Trump is no angel but these career politicians are 10X worse. Trumps problem is he is controlled by Zionists/Francists. 
 We were told that Bernie was a Zionist Imperialist Warpig Cuck for the Neoliberal Establishment time and time again and that Tulsi was COURAGEOUS and BRAVE. 
 Michael Iran... you speak the same as fascist israeli Zionist swine forces mossad... do they tell you what to say and do? 
 To Zionists it’s like that: <number> is prehistoric <number> planet earth was formed <number> ‘Zorro est Arrive’ .. ARAFAT 
 Where's all the outraged Zionists who go around attacking everyone of anti semitism, bur Bernie is sympathetic to the Palestinians &amp; AIPAC has declared war on him , thus no outrage from the Zionists about this outrageously offensive remark 
 Their DNA says they are dudes. Prior to <number> 's the scientific consensus was that they are dudes with identity psychological crisis. Untill the politicians and the Zionist lobby decided otherwise. Today CNN and other Zionist Media are starting to promote pedophilia the same way. 
 Crazy zionist 
 Israel was established by Zionist terrorists and their criminal acts continue to this day against the Palestinian people. That is an undeniable fact. Criminal acts are published daily. The ICC will expose it to the world. 
 Guns, bomb belts, jihadism, rockets, clerics encouraging murder, terror tunnels, stabbing pensioners. You need to go to SpecSavers mate! You are in a severe state of reality denial. You do not see/hear "Zionists" encouraging murder and "jihadism" or driving planes into towers 
 That will be all of those rotten zionists (I think that's what you called them) that live up Stamford hill. Great to see you are still giving dickie. 
 The core of Palestinian anti-Semitism is one pithy tweet. Jews who are indigenous to Israel are "Euro Zionists" and "colonists," while "Palestinian Arabs" - many recent immigrants for elsewhere in the Middle East, are "indigenous." 
 Of course like this guy Alan D. and all his ZIONIST friends even if they do crimes against humanity, practice pedophile even if they catch them on the dough like Donald Trump they are innocents...is evident the tv station run by his friends they are given a voice ... 
 i just loves his movies omg....he’s racist misogynistic and zionist..... 
 You can be anti-Zionist all you like but appreciate the beauty on case by case with the special people of Moses. 
 We can salute Palestinian resistance since <number> fighting against the Zionist Israels fascist governments... 
 JCPOAC with Iran was a good deal. He broke that deal to please his Zionist masters. 
 MuzzleWatch: The forces of are unrelenting – the "pro-Israel" effort to destroy freedom of speech in America is succeeding: Follow the campaign donations 
 I would like to visit it though. The country has amazing potential. If we didnt have Zionist/ neocons in charge of foreign policy they would be a good trading partner. Prolly a good tourist destination as well, especially for skiers. 
 I have been demeaning Zionists. Zionists are White supremacists. That's the mentality that allows them to justify planning the destruction of a people who would have welcomed them if they had not shown up intending to take over. Not Jews, just Zionists. 
 Becareful using the term "Isreal". Make Sure to distinguish between the Zionist Isreal and the Isreal Mention in the Quran........ Make Allah Humiliate and Destroy the Zionist State. 
 What? The primaries are again rigged! All the puppets are payed for, and the greatest mob is leading the Democrats? Neo con/ Zionist vs Nut case 
 Or "apartheid zionist entity in occupied Palestine ". 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : These are not “missteps”. These are intentional. We are dealing with killers at the highest position… 
 Now we’re at the stage of openly admitting defeat So Zionists wrap it up with an everlasting exchange of compliments and sympathy messages for support = Watch it as it develops = 
 IS BEING CONTROLLED BY ZIONIST TERRORIST. NEWS FROM PALESTINE ARE NOT COVERED AND HIGHLIGHTED TO THE PUBLIC. 
 The Zionist Jews came from all European countries, hungry and thirsty, and the Nazi Zionist lobby threw them to Palestine and with the help of Britain, and they came to control even the international decision of the lack of killing and trying them. 
 Blame the Zionists, you usually do 
 Zionist. Pure Jews are far better than Zionists! Zionists are fake Jews. The use Jewish religion as a shield to deceive. They actually work for Dajjal. 
 Jews only Learn when subdued &amp; defeated Like Egyptians Palestinian have to get hold of something very small through Egyptian or Jordanian border &amp; release that all Zionist will go to sleep for ever &amp; Leave Sacred Land stop fighting them with conventional weapons 
 I’m confused because he never said this. JFK was a supporter of Israel and Zionist 
 Not all. Modox is very Zionist 
 Zionism is the belief that Jews r entitled to self determination in their ancestral homeland. <number> percent of American Jews support the existence of Israel. If you vilify Zionists, you hate <percent> of American Jews. What do you call it when you hate the overwhelming number of a people? 
 Believing Jews have the right of self determination is Zionism. You shouldn’t have a problem labeling yourself a Zionist. 
 Mobster-Zionist-President "Distracted" via 
 You just can’t help it Pollard, can you ? should have sued you and your despicable far right Zionist rag a thousand times over. 
 Actually, I think it's more likely because Bernie is a self-hating Jew who allies himself with anti-zionist anti-semites. 
 Obviously no one will take action against these Zionists. 
 It's not abt "accountability". Its abt doing everything criminal as a Dumb-ocrat, for their Zionist owners, so that Zionists banksters can continue to profit while US steals oil/resources from sovereign countries &amp; MIC can continue make $$ on bombs. Both parties owned by Zionists 
 Damn these zionist fuds 
 I want you to read the details of this page to get a clear idea the source of this crisis. It was racial segregation through land splitting plan and the rise of the racist and nationalist Zionist ideology. 
 That and being a woman of color unwilling to pose as a prop to keep the business and finance sector in power, combined with her being a Muslim who's critical of Zionist overreach is a black ball. Those are her greatest strengths, and her vocally supporting Sanders amplifies them. 
 Maybe Zionist Rothschild/Rockefeller? Remember national socialism +zionism = nazi 
 I recognised zionist bc carry a weapon 
 No, this is the hasbara line, that Palestinians want to commit genocide on Jews. Just observe that Arabs in Israel are not so inclined. Zionists consider the destruction of Israel to be the loss of a jewish majority. So this is why emigration is forced on Palestinians,before 1SS 
 Zionist Fryberg You suck at being a Treasurer You Lied and Cheated and now COVID- <number> has made you" bend the knee !" 
 Treacherous/selfish betraying to bow at/kiss bloody hands of mossad mercenaries/convicted zionist murderers/occupiers of nuclear apartheid regime for vested interest/ties. UAE/Bahrain sold out for sham deal. 
 Stop the lies... Zionist did not do this. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : DO NOT CALL HITLER AT <time> (I GOT GASSED) 
 ...time was still a trio of control, and one of the people who was a part of that trio was a zionist, so that whole idea got bunked 
 A developed country lackey of US Zionist interests 
 World leaders know the history. They know how brutal this Israeli regime is , but they care about their personal interests. These zionists are blackmailers , liars and cheaters. They believe they are the chosen people 
 Three guesses which parts of the country bloodthirsty Zionist imperialist stooge wants to burn down... 
 thinking about the insane standards goyische anti-zionists hold jews to in order to be 'good jews' on this day 
 Thanks for clearing up my misconception of the term Zionist . But I’d like to point out that several online dictionaries have the noun usage defined as “a Jewish supporter of Zionism”, so it seems a bit ambiguous . 
 Next <number> years mien na hi tu UAE aur na hi Saud family raha gi daikh lena. What they did with libya was they first penetrated inside then they destroyed that financially strong country. Tu atleast we can support people how are standing strong against zionist cruelty. 
 Humanity also slams the unnecessary zionist genocide against palestinians. SHAME. 
 um..ME!! do I count? I am Jewish by blood, your thinking ZIONIST....... 
 In fact, the Zionist-owned CNN said tons and tons lies for Hillary during the last election but the truth was the opposite. For the reason to justify its tons and tons falsehood, then the fake media blamed Russia for meddling in US election. It is too bad. 
 Best Wishes. GOD Bless Israel and India. 
 I am sure your hate for everyone except the Zionists keeps you within the box. let me inform you that Cuba is # <number> in the quality of education in the world. MR <number> lies. 
 Syrian defense missiles should target Tel Aviv anytime the Zionists Cabal attack Syria. That’s the only way to deter those criminals from attacking that country over and over. 
 shit the fuck up you the same one not tryna give black people reparations. keep that shit to yourself zionist scum 
 My latest: ‘Zionist’ Biden in His Own Words: ‘My Name is Joe Biden, and Everybody Knows I Love ’ via 
 can’t believe this was all it took for y’all to praise a zionist as if jake ain’t fine as hell 
 BDS PALESTINE. APARTHEID FELL IN SOUTH AFRICA. ZIONISTS APARTHEID ISRAELS NO DIFFERENT. 
 when you attacked me because it was making your zionist friend look stupid. 
 Hope its the first signs of Peoples Revolution against ALL opressive, zionist, racist regimes across the world..... 
 The Jerusalem Post is closely following the primary contest between Ilhan Omar, a rare rep who does not receive funding from Zionist donors, and her challenger, who does. 
 Are Israel's war crimes Jewish war crimes or zionist war crimes? 
 Lol no they weren’t. So much so that Benzion Netanyahu castigates the jews of the Middle Ages for not being Zionists when they had the opportunity to do so. There were no zionsits in the Middle Ages except chrsitians 
 BLM Movement <number> platform only has changed URL, still on internet . Notorious INVEST/DIVEST still there with link to anti-Zionist CutMilitaryExpendituresOnePager.pdf This URL also linked to by ColorOfChange until <date> . A shell game. 
 I mean that both and both were merdered by fanatics whether or 
 Zionist Rightwing speeding towards Neo-Nazi Rightwing. Everything that rises must converge. 
 Wrong. Jews lived peacefully in Arab world until Zionism sparked fire &amp; sowed troubles in ME especially after Nakba <number> &amp; <number> war. At then Arabs were at anger against Jews. Logic. In addition Zionists harass them to migrate to Palestine. There was a troc paid by USA. 
 Turns out that Allah is a Zionist. Read the Qur'an. lol 
 It is betrayal and forgery. Who is the one who should reveal this forgery and bribes, who is behind them, who are not Zionists, to pass on their desires to seize the entire land of Palestine. This is a promise by Donald Trump. 
 True, I’m fine with Jews but not Zionists. Zionists are bad bad pedos. 
 thanks so much EBluemountain1 mmm, i think you may be right but i am not sure tho. twitter said ''suspicious activity related to your account'' i hope it was b/c i am a Zionist &amp; not b/c i got hacked. [being a Zionist is a badge of honor]. i'd have to change my password! 
 not a zionist stan 
 she’s visiting her family. <number> of the screenshots in her tweet tried to prove she’s a zionist by saying she visited her family and was wishing her israeli friend(or family member?) a happy birthday. i don’t see her supporting the government or belittling what palestine is going 
 I am perplexed about K. Starmer. After being elected he said he is a Zionist without borders. Does it make him same as Benyamin Netanyahu?At least now I know they are the same. 
 Zionists scum 
 Israel’s existence — the Zionist idea — writes Dr. (Judea) Pearl, “is a moral imperative and opposition to it is morally reprehensible.” In Memoriam : Danny Pearl זיל Must Read️ 
 He's a Zionist 
 Zionists attacked Arab cities and villages and depopulated <number> documented villages. No, <number> did not demand leaving homes, and they and their descestants seek return now, they are in millions. 
 You ignore the help from their friends, the British Zionists, over <number> years or so. Please stop wasting the time of educated people with your cheap propaganda, take time to read up on Balfour, Llloyd George, Basil Zaharoff, Chaim Weizmann and Nahum Sokolow 
 You do not even know what a Zionist is. Blocking you stat. 
 Boycott israeli apartheid zionist products!!! See all products 
 International Zionists aka: Khazarian Mafia. Their fingerprints can be traced back to Babylon. It’s going to be Biblical, literally, figuratively, and every way in between. 
 Zionists are evil. Not all, most. That’s not antisemetic. It’s anti-Zionist. 
 In the m.east it's the same game. They tell israelis "kosovo is the Jerusalem of Serbia" and again that isis shit, while they tell Arabs Albs are irreligious west lovers and pawns of zionists.The middle easterners however havent shown themselves to be as naive as the westerners 
 Zionists doing this?? 
 What is a Zionist and why is it bad? 
 You will learn from that research (and not with Google)- What is Jewish, Israelite, Zionist, Khazarian- history helps you understand what is happening today- that is why so many want to erase real history!! 
 Three new patients, says the liberal zionist noahide media. 
 Does anybody believe that Netanyahu still cares about the “World Zionist Congress” stance on annexation of the occupied territories? 
 If you think it's okay to say someone is a Zionist and misuse the word and do it for a fun. Then you have a fucked up humor and you need someone to educate u. 
 One thing for sure - he won’t pass something like this again when the squad is in the house, and he probably already promised the Bernie camp some Zionist blood in return for support in the general elections. 
 Zionist Israeli Creep .... the Unelected Jared Kushner .... presumes to be the US President 
 Did she put me in my place? It seemed she confirmed my points that the zionists had discriminated against Armenians in Jerusalem. I am pointing out that Armenians were forced to leave the city and other parts of palestine as a result of zionist policy but ur denying that 
 Leave him they just love to tweet shit .. if they had a real deal why would they say no and still suffer ? All deals were meant for Zionists.. I mean look at at the maps they have no boarders it's just a state inside Israel 
 Sure. You just hate the <percent> of Jews who arw Zionist and love the rest. You are not convincing anyone. 
 Ppl who annoy me just as anti-Zionist Diaspora Jews who think they are fighting the good fight for social justice are right-wing (mainly Modern Ortho) US Jews who have no intention of making aliyah, barely speak Hebrew, do not know Israeli culture, and think <number> states is anti-Israe 
 What is happening in Palestine is ethnic cleansing, bordering on genocide. There is a huge difference between Judaism and Zionist expansionism. I do not equate the two. 
 U mean zionists? 
 Palestine will be free ... soon ... Israel will disappear from map ( down Zionist) 
 This quality person was maligned, without cause, by the zionist supporting Keith Starmer's all new super duper Labour Party. 
 What is a "Jew" without religion-an Israeli if he is an israeli citizen.Without citizenship (real) he is just a Zionist,someone who uses the history of Israel for his own purposes.A kind of franchisee with the state Isral as the franchisor * <number> * 
 Know the Real of Mankind and Satanic Zionist Marxist Communists = 
 The Zionist Colonization of Palestine 
 What happens then is this leads uneducated Israelis and Zionists to look at the population of Jews in Azerbaijan and Armenia, come to an incorrect conclusion since Azerbaijan has a higher jewish population (ie. Armenia has ethnically cleansed Jews) without understanding context. 
 You mean "Rothschild bank" or "money-power" but we are not allowed to say that are we? A contest between Anglo-Zionists (Trump, Johnson, Israel et al) and Globo-Bolsheviks (Rothschild, Soros, Macron et al) that started approx <number> years ago . 
 Jihadists, Hamas, Hezbollah, Iran can serve as the vanguard against Yankee and Zionist interests, but if they hate everything non-Islamic and force people to conversion, very bad. 
 Israel with the help of Google deleted Palestine from Maps but they can not realize that no one can change history..it is in our hearts ..one day we will Regain it from the dirty hands of Zionists 
 ignore them white ppl will cry wolf over anything tbh. i would make a habit of just muting zionist. 
 he was in a zionist propaganda movie. saying he was good friends and happy for working with a known zionist director. and said he was proud and passionate for playing in a role being a zionist. all u have to do is use google to look it up 
 IRAN KICKS OUT HINDIA FROM CHAHBAHAR PORT &amp; RAIL PROJECT,unraveling plans <number> encirclement of Pak. How does it feel <number> b hemmed in from all sides Brahmin Zionists ? And Pak has yet <number> play its first card. Wait <number> it Modi or beg Kashmiris <number> let Hindia go. Else risk taking Hindia <number> hell 
 Do not be a dummy, the only reason some Zionists regret Saddam's removal is because they wanted him to keep causing conflict with Iran that would benefit them. 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 This is part of US-Israeli strategy againts Palestinian, Levanese, Syrian, Iraqi, Turkish and Iranian peoples, including Kurmandji, Zaza, Kurd, Sorani. It has no long term viability. PYD and PKK become zionist-imperialist tools. Sad. 
 Leave her alone !! The woman does not feel anything. It comes from cleaning a Zionist's mansion for <money> /hour. 
 I blocked him too, what a fool. Accusing Jews of antisemitism, that's where i draw the line. 
 You may like these anti-Zionists. 
 You are right, but what is beyond decency is our government support for this racist regime. When all people of conscious reject the Israeli vile and outrageous apartheid system, only then, the Zionist know there is a price to pay for his crimes and foul system of racism. 
 After destroying qom with a virus . They want to destroy karbala two " important sites in irani /iraki culture " Trump threats one month ago .. it's a Zionist messianic war . 
 two words: ZIONIST TERRORISTS! 
 Being a Zionist right now literally is &amp; no it's not anti Semitic, anti-zionism never was or ever will be anti-Semitic and being a Zionist never is sign that one is not. Most of Christian Zionists are antisemitic because they believe that it'll bring back Jesus and he will kill Jews 
 Yeah right, after Islamists invaded Jewish home-country &amp; did their dirty work on the like they did in other countries, only a very small percentage of Jews were left living among the invaders, so they kept their heads down or be killed. changed that shit 
 He should not have apologized but instead he should have called his critics as chauvinist zionists. Florida lawmakers are trying to oust FSU's Palestinian student senate president over a post he made as a <number> -year-old 
 shhh little zionist 
 It wouldn’t. It’s a government thing. If you say Israel shouldn’t exist then it’s anti Semitic. But I’m Israeli and I do not agree with him. Also I hate Bibi. And I’m a Zionist. 
 Reminder that Biden is an ardent Zionist 
 DHS another unconstitutional creation by the Zionist neocons! 
 Imagine being a Zionist but also proud of it ???? Tf 
 wait i forgot what zionists support aren’t they pro israel 
 I think you are the one that's been conned by the Zionists. It's a boycott to have Israel follow laws and conventions. 
 sure, lets' nominate a zionist Republican oligarch, with fascist tendencies, for President. 
 Yes. The also likes to use the pig emoji for Zionists 
 Christian fundamentalist psychopaths in bed with Zionist psychopaths. Surely a highly effective advert for atheism..? 
 It's disgusting that our Zionist Democrat and Republican leaders support these mass murders and human rights abuses. Question it and you are "anti-semitic." 
 You talk about zionists being left wing or right wing, that does not matter. Basic human empathy has nothing to do with political leanings. The "return" of a people somewhere implies the expulsion of another and the stealing of their lands. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : Social distancing cancels heard immunity. In the end without interaction we will all die financially… 
 Trump works for the Zionist Jews, the impeachment was a show 
 Who? We had someone! It’s not this Israeli govt lover, he was funded by an Israeli activist, Trevor Chinn, hes said he’s a Zionist and it was his fault we lost the election by telling Corbyn to take the PV off the manifesto, remainers and leavers voted Tory then!Now we know why! 
 You guys have no real job ? helping the Americans ? sanction Iran is punishing american`s too <number> millions ppls customer GONE for <number> yrs to please handful of Zionists is dumpiest policy ever !! you lost more in destoring middle east than any outer country in the world 
 Also had a leftist (Jewish!!) friend tell me straight up that if I ended up being Zionist they’d think less of me so there’s also that 
 Have you ever given credit to Israel for supplying some safe drinking water to Flint? Of course not, bec. that would erode your anti-Zionist narrative. 
 Your "family" were land thieves. No better than European Zionists moving to Palestine, and stealing land 
 Lol it’s so pitiful that it people even take the time to explain that kamala is a Zionist lol literally we know nothing is good about her 
 Which, based on internal sectarian differences, took armed control of the country and kept dragging Lebanon, alongside Israeli bombardment , deeper into a conflict it by theory has no business in 
 Trump is very clear that America comes after bowing to Israeli fascists. Do not be blinded by desires and pride. He is literally doing what industrial Zionists and their owned armies demand. Trump represents the pedophile elite. He sees children as labor tools &amp; military deaths 
 no one is against Hindus or any religion ..... yes one must be against zionism and remember a zionist went to kill Mahatma Gandhi... 
 question is what kind of diabolic zionist terrorist rat Trump will put in to replace her :-( 
 If you do not want Palestinian children being arrested, then stop encouraging them to exterminate the Jews. Here’s what Palestinian kids see on Palestinian TV: •A song in a children’s cartoon includes the lyrics, “Zionist man, run away, Zionist woman, run away, very soon... 
 For those not aware, ZOA stands for Zionist Organization of America. Imagine Qatar's hypocrisy: they send a Qatari diplomat/official to a Zionist event to get to high level US officials, while attack KSA, UAE, &amp; others for promoting "normalization". Note anti-Semitic stereotypes! 
 I searched on the word Zionist, that's why it's in all the comments, but I went back only a few days &amp; there were still more mentions than I could capture. 
 Promoting conspiracy theories about the Rothschilds won’t change the fact that the Zionist movement wasn’t created until <number> . You can’t change history. What happened happened. 
 Zionists Have Feelings Too 
 Here, the WA Times (a virulently right-wing outlet) is intentionally misrepresenting Omar’s comments by taking them completely out of their original context. He’s also referring to *her* as the Zionist, which kind of defeats your point. But you’re a troll, so. 
 is viable. Any Jew that is an anti-zionist is a self hating Jew. 
 But they are ALL Zionists. Believe in ‘tseeyon”. Is essential to Judaism. 
 Bullshit lies do not cover for crimes. Jews will be judged like everyone else. It's &amp; everybody knows it. 
 News / Palestine / Israel /USA Zionists should seek shelter, if mediation for lifting Gaza blockade fails : Top Hamas official Monday, <date> <time> [ Last Update: Monday, <date> <time> 
 I made a similar assertion about the parallel between the violent troops targeting Palestinians and the SS targeting jews in ww2 recently, and so many Zionist apologists piled on me I had to delete the tweet. Apparently I am a self-hating jew bc I see historic parallels 
 Twitter jail for me. The Zionists and quislings apparently do not like what I say. That's just tough. 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 Ok simply put. When you infer that a messianic Jew was kicked out for believing in Christ and then said chap namely me proves that are <number> of them in Israel living without being molested by the evil Zionists, then yea sweetie, it’s commonly called a bold faced lie 
 Ultimately they plan to control your food supply....but for that they need that entire 5G Eco System, Vaccines, Nano Chips and Digital currency.... Then they will be the Pharoes and you will be the Bani Israel....! Ironically the plot hatched by Zionists in the name of Jews.. 
 He's a Zionist stooge? 
 Things on Twitter that spark joy in me: -cute animal photos -nerdy fandom jokes/references (especially Warhammer 40k) -jewish communal pile ons of anti-zionists and anti-semites -discussions of food Things that make me a sad sea monster -jew tweeps taking pot shots @ eachother 
 . You opposed Biden's selling out to credit card companies &amp; refused to speak at AIPAC, while Biden calls himself a Zionist &amp; provided a video to AIPAC 
 In Palestine at that time, Stern was not alone in regarding Hitler as a persecutor and not an exterminator. The dream of attaining a Jewish state dominated Zionist thinking and the very idea of the Final Solution was unthinkable in <number> . 
 This "Son of west" is a dirty lier. Prof. Olavo is not zionist, neither anti-white, neither believe in flat earth 
 Then its a good job most Jews do not associate themselves with the Zionist regime in occupied Palestine . . . 
 Spoken like a true Zionist occupier. Go to the front of your Rapture line. 
 Palestine ishaAllah will be free. And all those zionist cunts will burn in hell. 
 A typical day in the : supporting the crimes. 
 really upset and disappointed that harry styles is a zionist :( 
 Nah, Labour is spiritless. The Zionist monstrosity can do one. 
 Mr is stupid like his boss . On One hand he accepts Ayatullah as supreme leader and On other hand he condemns his remarks against Zionist .. Inshallah, Israel days are numbered .. 
 so now the zionist is gonna preach to us 
 NOPE. I call BS! Only fakes lead to “By way of deception, thou shalt do war” , &amp; ’s ! 
 This supporter did not cite a single source in response to mine and simply dismisses me as not knowing history. Typical logic. 
 Why was there a torrent of antisemitic abuse today on ? Seems every Zionist Jew is at fault for all the ills of the world. Peace is only a bad thing when make it. Do you want to be an ally? Great! 
 This is the purpose of the smear from the ADL and various large zionist accounts, to provoke this kind prostration. 
 Board of Deputies President: "in the main, this is a Zionist community" true, but then what does that mean It seems to me that people have very different - and ultimately irreconcilable - notions of Zionism. 
 You are not a kapo, you are the antizionist equivalent of Dave Rubin, a man whose willing to go against his ideals and becoming a false token for deplorables. In Rubin's case he is a false token liberal while you are a false token liberal Zionist. 
 Caitlin why are you not covering the City of London Zionist take over of America? Do you think that the CIA and the US Marines work for America? No. It is the City of London pedophile bankers as the major shareholders of the Federal Reserve. 
 NOT SOMEONE SAYING BEING ANTI ZIONIST IS RACIST ON MY TL 
 And you supported all of those in Photo who are came with America (friends of Zionist) Hmmm Big lier youuuuuu 
 It wasn't created like a rabbit out of a hat but rather by British Zionists, over <number> years or so. Stop wasting the time of educated people with cheap propaganda, take time to read up on Balfour, Llloyd George, Basil Zaharoff, Chaim Weizmann &amp; Nahum Sokolow 
 he starred in a that zionist propaganda movie on netflix got called out but never addressed it,, implied homophobes r secretly gay which is a terrible stereotype for our community as well as outted his brother 
 Imagine of has interfered in Israeli elections calling for votes for the Joint List because it was opposed to the extreme racism of Zionist Apartheid? Trump &amp; Johnson &amp; the BBC would be upin arms 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : Yeh for Cher. Those Americans and World political and businesses leaders standing by are doing so in self interest and greed… 
 If there ever was a reason for liberal Jews to vote in the <number> WZO elections — PM reportedly offered Jewish supremacist Itamar Ben Gvir a ministry portfolio “a position in KKL-JNF, the World Zionist Organization… even an ambassador posting,” according to Ben Gvir. 
 An old Arab man look on as the Zionists terrorists rampage through Palestine 
 Eh, is this not exactly what the Ku Klux Klan was trying to achieve? These kids are not the brightest are they! What next? White CHAZ hoods and robes, dancing around burning crosses? 
 Well, I meant the Zionist Terrorists. 
 Russian loves Israel. lol they won’t let ASSad defend his own broken country when Zionists attack x2 a week. 
 I never said no Jews lived there. I was talking about the majority that moved there after the creation of the Zionist state. My problem isn’t jews living there. My problem is Zionist control of West Bank and Gaza. 
 Surely it was them Zionists, tho? 
 Spent a wonderful week there last year, was in Nablus, bought some lovely soap in the old market, alo was in Hebron, walked through the beautiful old marked where the zionist above them throw buckets of excrement on them, i have pictures. 
 That anti-semite is crafty and has found many ways and terms of description to use to refer to those JEWS that he hates. Zionists are JEWS and others who want JEWS to be in Israel. Anti-zionists are antisemites who want to "push Jews into the ocean" and take Israel from JEWS. 
 Zionists with beards. 
 are involved in various nefarious activities in other countries. Spreading corruption on earth. 
 This is the view of the "Zionist" in our government. An organization that is illegally destroying our country to benefit Israel and London. 
 Shall I show you the census charts from before and after the Zionist funded mass migration of European Jews into Palestine? There was virtually no Jewish presence. British Mandate records also prove that Jews legally owned no more than <percent> of the lands of Palestine prior to <number> . 
 Thank you, I used it, it doesn’t show that I am shadow banned, but could it be subject sensitive when I put Israel or Zionist # then the impression figures go down significantly 
 and that's a phrase that gets you blocked! Pleasant journeys, Zionist 
 UAE thugs, even their wives and daughters are running away from them. What stability do they wish to achieve by supporting an apartheid Zionist system? The petrol fountain will not last for ever, USA colonial power will spit you out once you reach your expiry date. 
 FROM WARRIOR PRIEST!! THANK YOU! SACRIFICE FOR MCDONALD'S (DVD) feat Zionist Rabbi abe finkelstein ... via 
 <percent> of jews are zionist... 
 and seriously, you are banning {{{Zionist}}} We all know who else banned Jews, 
 Jones is a Zionist shill who sold you out. He knows what is happening.We know who made the virus because they signed it. All hackers sign their malware. They are Life hackers. The signature even has 5G in it. 
 just found out Harry styles is a Zionist.. let’s fkn go 
 Sorry, those zionists are sneaky! 
 The Zionist Jews are the major part of the US-European colonialism. Colonialism is the rule of jungle, aggressions &amp; occupations. So, Palestinians need proper resistance to liberate their occupied homeland from the illegitimate murderouse Zionist regime. 
 Funny. Firstly give right to Saudi citizen to elect their leader. Saudi Arabia is under zionist occupation with the help of puppet leaders. You dont trust Saudi citizen? They cant make good desicion? 
 he could have broken his neck in the fall on that block, very unwise to role him on his side; apart from that, racism is never acceptable, knocking someone out like that is also not OK! Oh and btw is a vile racist himself, as he supports zionist terrorists genocide! 
 That would be Zionist Jews fighting fascists. Literally. In Italy. Of course you oppose them. 
 The discriminatory [Nazi] round-up of German Jews and their persecution was planned and implemented with the consent and collaboration of Jews who called proudly called themselves "." 
 will Biden vs. Trump devolve into "who loves Israel more"? or will everyone remain silent concerning ? Zionists undermine for support of Palestinians What would Jesus of Nazareth, Palestine do? 
 PROPHET MOSES OF REAL JEWS ..WHO R CHILDREN OF PROPHET JACOB NOT FAKE ADOPTED JEWS AS ZIONISTS MOSES IS MENTIONED IN HOLY KORAN FAR TOO MANY TIMES HOLY JESUS IS MENTIONED IN KORAN THERE IS A CHAPTER ON HOLY MERRY AS SURAH MURAYAM ZIONISTS DIVIDED US ALL 
 I have lived in places with large populations, I would still not want that info out there. Again, it makes tracking down further info easier &amp; puts the person in potential danger. You can blur out the city &amp; get the same message across about being Zionist. 
 Learn? From Zionists? 
 Very well said. I couldn’t help but notice the dichotomy between his tweet and his profile pic of the Western Wall, a place those darn Zionists fought to reclaim in <number> . 
 Believe me, we do not ever like you let alone love. But for sure we do not hate you ( who do not support .) 
 ‘Zionist’ Biden in His Own Words: ‘My Name is Joe Biden, and Everybody Knows I Love Israel’ - via 
 ⁦⁩ they’re not anti jewish, only Anti Zionist 
 Nobody expelled the Jews from those countries. They were feared into moving to Israel by the Zionist movent. and told that they are moving to a land without people for a people without a land. 
 &amp; all should be shivering now! The march of Corona to 
 On this stand and rise against and by in ,, 
 Recall that dems were encouraging you to go to parks, parades, subways etc? How they called him Zionist for closing travel? Yeah did not think you did. 
 Well this is kinda accurate but the problem is it is focused on the right vs left lie that they are using as cover for their crimes against humanity. Trump and Hillary are best friends. This is all political WWE to deceive you from the Zionist banking elites. No votes matter! 
 The Branch Davidians of Judaism. Nice. A classic refrain for an Israel-hater. More Iranians within Iran want the destroy the ayatollah regime than all Jews of t hff e world who are anti-Zionists. 
 This is sadly true even in the most leftist zionists in Israel, they are clearly very militaristic and arab hating 
 at present Israel is unravelling the Zionist empire the Archons built producing limitless PF as the Archons wake up in the Source, Logos Hell for exponential, eternal torment 
 Zionist Bill Clinton prob set it up as a Catholic entity to hide it was him imo 
 Another Zionist schiffting britches!!! LMFAO !!! 
 Those rabbis are not Zionists. Those rabbis say they are not Zionists. That’s because those rabbis reject Zionism for what it is, a racist 19th century ideology of colonization, settlement and expulsion of native peoples from their ancestral homeland. 
 of our friendship, but this abject racism was a step too far! The rest of the instagram post included routine anti-Zionist memes too, but it also included a well-worn trope about the Rothschilds, which only served to confirm its thoroughly nasty, anti-semitic intent. BLOCKED! 
 Two Zionist orgs with ties to the Israeli government launched a lawsuit against a US Palestinian rights group that is challenging Israel's racist policies. It's the latest example of Israel's strategy "to bog down Palestine activists in legal battles" 
 Greece doesn’t play ball with Zionist and Greece doesn’t care how many times u bankrupt them. 
 You’re right, except not all Jewish voices are being marginalized—virulently anti-Zionist Jews are being uplifted on campus. They have the right to express their fringe identities, but not to shut down or to demoralize the majority of students who identify as 
 Quite clearly this is jingoistic Bollocks. We all know that anyone who supports Palestinians are anti-Semitic? That goes without saying. Watch hard right Zionist, nut job and throbber here 
 I never thought he would be a zionist or a plasatinians anti i will never listen to his songs again.. 
 <number> year old Jewish lesbian anti Zionist? I’m going to bet she won’t look it up 
 I think Avi he is here playing the role of Zionist misleading agent as what he is telling is completely bullsh** You know the strong relation between Israel and turkey even the air force doing all training on trueky due to space , highlighting Azerbaijan well if you don’t .... 
 I disagree, the divide between Mizrahi, Sephardim and Ashkenazim is still very strong and is getting stronger as the divide between Zionist and anti-Zionist become more pronounced 
 garbage 
 You mean Zionist, there's a difference. 
 of and 
 I have been saying that Zionists are evil. Thank you for proving it. 
 How inconvenient. The Havaara/ Transfer Agreement between Hitler and the Zionist monsters was celebrated on a coin 
 I presume you are trying to infer that it was President Wilson. And how was World War <number> a big milestone for the zionists, you are going to have to explain that one 
 pretty sure hes a zionist solely due to his anti arab racism outweighing his anti jewish racism though 
 So you admit that it’s Palestine and not “isnotreal” , good you know you might be Zionist but you know that this is not your land or country . 
 Do you mean Zionist state 
 Well it turns out one's ancestry &amp; heritage is a private matter but shared by nearly all Jews who are Zionists, religious or not. Israel has meant actual life to millions of us from everywhere around the world and that's what bothers Israel's detractors. 
 ADD ZIONIST TO THE DO NOT TRUST LIST 
 Do you think Axl Rose was talking about the Zionists with this line from “Civil War” ( <number> ) 
 We hate you ) we’re .......? Zionist 
 They do not hang out with Zionists. My great-grandfather started a real estate/marketing business in the late 1800s with his best friend, a Jew from Morocco. To this day, our families are close. They are not Zionists, but they will not tell you. 
 Calling yourself an anti-Zionist doesn’t mean you can’t be legitimately critiqued by Palestinians. If you melt down at Palestinians who offer this criticism, you’re essentially telling them they’re lucky to have you, and must take you on your own terms. That’s not an ally. 
 It’s all about which person will serve the international House of Rothschild(Federal Reserve/banks) and the Zionists best ... they control both the right and left... and regardless who loses ... they still win 
 I am fine. You ain't. Stop spreading your Zionist propaganda. 
 That’s cos these Zionist Tories are part of the reason. 
 WAKE UP FELLOW AMERICANS... The Zionists Own and Control Biden, Kamala, Trump, Congress and the Senate &amp; even Own and Control Local, State, &amp; National Politicians. Damn if you vote Biden and Kamala, and Damn if you do not. Irrespective, to sleep well at night VOTE ALTERNATE... 
 What did Hitler say about Zionist 
 We are killing each other and nobody cares. Muslims are killing each other.Zionists will achieve their purpose 
 And yet AIPAC is funding your Campaign while word is out Israel's Zionists hate the LGBTQ+ Community, makes you wonder why something is not right with you. 
 Can you not understand that zionists oppress Palestinians 
 you’re an open zionist jesus christ keep that to yourself shit’s embarassing 
 Between Biden having ties to Erdogan, and Harris apparently being an outspoken Zionist, they’re trying to make me feel as bad about voting for them as possible still can’t bring myself to vote for trump though 
 This is a MUST READ in order to Learn and be Educated beyond the Myths that the Zionists have been propagating and using to brainwash Americans... Ignorance was NEVER a VIRTUE... 
 Who will want to listen to a Trilateral Commission elitist, a backstabber, a saboteur, a traitor, and a Zionist, who "supports Zionism without qualification"? 
 i disagree that all Christians controlled by globalist or zionist. Again this is above your level to make this distinction. 
 It's protocol, Islam attacks christianity as fast as it attacks Judaism, it is just not the Zionist phenomenon that is under threat from sharia, we are all under attack, ffs will you all wake up and smell the coffee...... 
 Can we see a breakdown of these four "major" factions? Crenshaw and Haley are nearly identical as far as I can tell, Cotton only differs from them on immigration and all four are massive Zionists. 
 aim for a non zionist 
 What about your Zionist Rabbis and preachers? Who spread fear and hatred of Muslims. Pay anti Muslim hate groups in the states. Millions of dollars spent. You are indeed blind. 
 It was also the Zionist militia who blew up bridges, slaughtered innocent People, bombed Jerusalem and disrupted Palestine till it became what it is today yes? 
 If a two-state solution is what your referring to by compromise, then Israel must make that happen, because they are the aggressor as an institution, not necessarily as people. But the ppl of Israel/zionists must work for that justice, recognize Palestinian rights+validity 
 Zionist state, illegal recognition of Jerusalem as zionist state, illegal annexation of Palestinian land. PLM , BLM &lt; Falasha Jews <number> 
 YOUR FIGHT IS BEING HIJACKED FOR ZIONISTS. YOUR STRUGGLE IS BEING USED. 
 John Bolton is a Zionist, warmongering, evil piece of crap. Always was. So why did you appoint him in the first place? 
 Attacking Pakistan has become a compulsion for Hindutwa Zionists now and personally for modi's political survival... His image of a strong man has taken a severe beating and the pressure is mounting on him everyday. There is no doubt that he is running thin on patience.. 
 being palestinian means educating yourself on the ins and outs of every detail of your history in order to be taken seriously and zionists still thinking they know more than you because they watched cnn a couple times 
 Well, yes, but that is like saying that a government does not vote in the elections within a prison as to which gang rules the prisoners. The "prison gang" i.e. PA, has NO authority to govern anything; the Israeli government does all that. 
 They’re simply pushing the Big Lie because there’s nothing left. Throwing excrement against the wall in hopes that something, anything will stick. The ones who look at the evidence and judge wisely KNOW the legitimacy of Israel’s existence. Don’t let the mosquitoes bother you. 
 The whole Jewish conspiracy, Zionists &amp; so forth is basically a psyop to make researchers look bad, when what is happening is a bunch of old crooks using the law and government to hide drug running, gun sales, missile trafficking, child sales, organlegging and cannibal trade 
 This is one of the worst apology threads I have ever read. I am honestly shocked that you are trying to frame yourself as a victim of cancel culture. Even if people did try to cancel you for being a Zionist, that should not at all be emphasized in an apology for being a predator. 
 Zionists &amp; Israel must be spewing they cant slur Bernie as antisemitic with any plausibility. 
 A reminder of which side is against peace! Stop the lies of pallywood and the anti Zionists, anti Israel, antisemites! 
 well you both rather to kiss turk zionists shoes and give them excuses regarding their relations with israel 
 More fake Zionist pseudo-history. Actually in <number> yrs. of recorded Palestine history, Jews were not the first inhabitants, nor did they rule there longer than several other peoples did. And in <number> , Jews were only <percent> of the pop. of Palestine &amp; owned only <percent> of the land... 
 Most likely it’s the terrorist zionist regime 
 Historically, Nazis weren’t Zionists. I recommend this article for the next time someone brings up this argument: 
 Thank you for coming. I am sure you got bashed by Zionists who just can not face honest people who know to differentiate between Jews and Zionism, so thanks for taking the courage! G-d Bless the USA! 
 This is of no surprise..... protection 
 Zionists forgeries ️ “Philistine, people of Aegean <number> century BCE.. Torah says from Crete,, SEA PEOPLE., invaded Egypt, Anatolia, Cyprus and Syria,, settled on the coast line .. to be know as PHILISTIA ..and this designation carried on .. THEY WRESTLED the Israelites..”️ 
 <number> He cannot in any way prevent the war which will come and which will be total : the Armageddon so dreamed and desired by the Zionists and other "Evangelical" ideologists. 
 And how many times does the words “aphartheid, colonist, “zionist” etc 
 it's not even that i am stubborn. just saw people coming after chris saying he was a zionist with no proof. he played a role in a movie, which wasn't necessarily a good choice, but nobody had any articles or videos or anything to share. that's all 
 Beware 3rd temple Trump takeover Zionist bed bug buddies 
 Whataboutism. The first resort of the zionist. 
 lol don’t worry american-flag and zionist twitter make up <percent> of the people hating on this tweet so they’re absolutely on your side, maybe you’re just in denial 
 Denounce ISIS ideology, they are just puppets to the wahsbi-zionist collaboration working to defame Muslims... 
 What MOST in the US of today do not understand is that the agenda of the so called leaders since the 40s is <number> ) to reduce the supposed overpopulation by all means possible <number> ) grab up all resources for themselves alone....duckduckgo neocon zionist coup...notice anything familiar? 
 Imam Khamenei:There will benothing as Zionist regime by next <number> year 
 OK, so Jews will say they are Zionist war crimes, but I suspect Zionists will say: "What war crimes? I see no crimes; we are just defending ourselves. What would you do?"! 
 True but who’s giving the green light on this trash ass music? The rich executives who own &amp; run the music industry aka the Zionist who are own kind; the rich Jewish owners are behind WAP 
 I am with you! Waiting for my Lord and master to return. But now becoming an anti Zionist Christian has me confused on the exact timing. I am still guessing pre or mid a <number> yr trib. Then the return. Based on many verses. 
 The ones who are killing the Palestinians are the real anti-semites as the Palestinians are fully semitic unlike the Ashkenazi Jews, who came from converts to Judaism. Also its ironic how the zionists call us "anti-semitic," yet they arent even semitic! 
 okay that’s an entirely different subject though. i never said every zionist is absolved from antisemitism 
 I know hella Brown people who oppose Bernie because he’s a Zionist including myself. 
 Oh really, I block every antiSemite and anti-Israel tweeter, so my timeline on Twitter is a big part of my Jewish and Zionist support system. 
 NYC: Muslim doctor called on people to spit on 'Jew dogs,' beat up Zionists, yet is allowed to treat Jewish patients 
 <number> million a day our taxpayer money wasted to support apartheid evil Zionist Israel murdering by bombing using our Americans weapons over all innocent civilians women and children in Palestine Syria Jordan &amp; elsewhere in Middle East. We needed our money to be reinvested in USA 
 It’s a bit odd that the Zionists have never been able to produce any evidence that any rockets have been fired from Gaza into occupied Palestine. Not one photo of a rocket launcher in action in <number> years of allegations? Who knew that the Palestinians were so good at camouflage? 
 I’m not talking about this. Do you seriously value what you term “the Zionist dream” (actually a grandstanding act) over thousandsvkf dead? You’re very immature. 
 Never thought I would say this but am beginning to feel sorry for Zionists How difficult it must be to sustain such a high degree of vitriol/fury/irrationality/self righteousness without going over the edge 
 Ohavei Zion's platform does not mention support for WB settlements. But the slate's chair in the past called for the exclusion of progressive Zionist groups from the Israel Day Parade due to their calls not to support businesses beyond the Green Line. / <number> 
 Why is That disgusting?It is just an onther strategy to kick israeli zionist of our holy land 
 <number> . BBI is a One World Government agenda. Reinforcing it is Coronavirus which is certainly a dreadful weapon being used by the Zionist One World Government to exterminate two thirds of world population and then implement the UN Agenda <number> . 
 An extremely disturbed Zionist who made a complete fool of himself by making a nonsensical video about Labour's defeat. He said that Jews slaughtered Labour, he said that Jews used their spies, women &amp; their money to slaughter Jeremy Corbyn... He ended up removing this tho 
 Why doesn’t the MSM discuss, analyze, and question what happened in the <number> Attacks – and who and what was behind the attacks? What was the role of Israel, the USA, , Zionists, Neo-cons, useful idiots, and... 
 Israel air strikes on GAZA. Shame on sell out silent Media to Zionists ... 
 I don`t swallow propaganda &amp; I don`t think all Zionists are evil, but their ideology is like because it was drawn from the same Nietzsche `Ubermensch` well - 
 's won --they achieved ALL of their objectives--there's really only ONE viable political party today--the 's--they are --frontmen of "Its a big club and we ain't in it"--GC 
 the degree to which Christian Zionists hve infiltrated govt is shocking Pompeo makes policy within the framework of Zionism, his decisions are to fulfill Zionist prophecy not do whats best for USA in America 40m ppl share Mike's beliefs, 343m ppl dont 
 Or throw it open to a ballot if it’s members, whose starting premise would be it’s a Zionist conspiracy anyhow! 
 Typical reply when no sense or logic in Zionists arguments. 
 ALL bad roads lead from Israel, a violent entity that should not even exist Zionist Jews pushed <number> World Wars to set conditions for self-spawning of Israel The wars continue 
 Rapper Hard Kaur Rakes Controversy, Backs Pro-Khalistan 'Referendum <number> ... via Hard Kaur is a ‘Sikh Zionist’ 
 trump back to zionists main agenda ! destruction of IRAN from inside and out 
 zionist terrorists illegally extended the kidnapping of BDS activist Mahmoud Nawajaa for <number> more days over the weekend, in addition to holding him without charge and denying him the right to see his lawyer. OUTRAGEOUS! 
 This is Hadas Fogel. She was <number> -months old when she was decapitated by hand next to her dad in bed. Her <number> and <number> -year brothers were slashed and shot to death. Some Palestinians celebrated their deaths. What was that you were saying about Zionists killing children again? 
 Surely you must have noticed that all militant Zionists do is to waffle 'ad nauseam' about AS, but never 'quantify' it. Moreover, they always avoid mentioning Zionism, Herzl, Jabotinsky, Begin, the King Hotel bombing, etc...What's stopping us? 
 The Saudi royal family is colluding with the Zionist movement from the beginning, now you have the UAE ruler and Sisi of Egypt, all these bastards are far from being Muslims. 
 Zionists will declare this a victory against Hamas as innocent Palestinians die 
 im sure he would call any muslims he disagrees with Zionists 
 My friend, I am from Argentina and the USA is the empire of evil here in Argentina I know Donald Trump and Zionism what you do not know about Argentina there are also Zionists and I can help you unmask that liar of Donald Trump and the invading pentagon 
 I don’t call them joggers anymore I call them golems. Cause they just protect the Zionist because they’re just shrigis 
 Here she is agreeing with Zionist maniac Joe Lieberman, and echoing his Big Lie about Iranian nukes, even before she entered the Senate. 
 what does zionist mean? 
 god hes so ugly and cishet and a zionist 
 Lol. In fact, this will radicalize many white people. These Zionists are not bright as they think. 
 Has Israel annexed all "Palestinian" land??? Does Israel plan to annex all "Palestinian" land??? What other fantasy do you want to know about?! 
 OK, pull up a virtual chair. Got some things to say. It’s extremely offensive to call Zionists - which includes me - Nazis. One certainly criticize Israeli gov’t policy in a balanced manner, but there’s no comparison to the Third Reich ... and here’s why. 
 Almost an evergreen tweet. Thanks to Gantz (among others) now my fellow Zionists are arguing over the semantic details of what is, essentially, a slow death of Israeli democracy by allowing Netanyahu &amp; his corruption to retain power. But real tragedy is the future of a 2SS. 
 This is a panel about the antisemitic CA ethnic studies curriculum. The curriculum was intended to be legally mandated for k- <number> schools in CA. The curriculum was revised after protest from concerned Jews. He interprets their concerns as a delusional “Zionist” plot: 
 Because it does not offend Zionists. 
 What's new. You can’t trust a Zionist. Never! This is another example. 
 Just because his dad is Israeli doesn’t mean hes a Zionist. We’ve had a Jewish population in Palestine since the dawn of time. They used to live in harmony (and SOME still do). There are Palestinian Jews, Palestinians with Israeli passports, are u gonna say theyre Zionist’s? 
 time Russia will finally act and take out ALL zionist terrorists once and for all! 
 Ok then don’t, I didn’t tell you to do shit I’m just riffing on the internet bro then you came in with some wild Zionist talking points 
 I will not consider voting for Labour all the time the Zionists hold sway via the adoption of IHRA def. + examples. I suspect millions of others feel the same way; Labour has become a racist party by adopting IHRA. Israel and Judaism are opposites in many ways. 
 Zionist bastard Chicken Fancy Police...!!! 
 Okay Zionist thug 
 The fact that some zionist nut on twitter says he grew up here and there does not say it's true. On the contrary. How much money do they pay you? 
 You’re a Zionist, trust me you don’t matter 
 USA UK racist apartheid colonial regime belong in The Hague r guilty as sin for supporting &amp; remainig silent to crimes against humanity for the Zionist undemocratic regime- Blood stained hands-Time to revolt in a monumental way against all countries who take blood hush $ 
 Probably fell into the "Trump is a Zionist" trap. Many have. 
 A Jew living in the diaspora, is uniformed and lives comfortable with his wealth just tokenizing himself. I am a Jew myself too and the majority of us are Zionists. 
 Fuck you Zionist 
 Anything from Haaretz is anti Zionist bullshit . Great to support the most Zionist President Trump! 
 sad. bet Zionists are celebrating 
 Yet Israel are the leaders in a Zionist ideology which is as racist as apartheid in South Africa. 
 Establish common bond and alliance between Palestinian natives and Jews of conscious who refuse rightly to allow Zionists to insult and pervert Judaism is a compelling moral action. is taking root and many people avoid dealing with Israel and cutting economic ties with them. 
 Zionist owned media 
 As simple as one is a coward colonial entity with less history than any palestinian grandfather, and other uses with courage his legitimate right to resistance against occupation. Zionist aggressor can NEVER claim defense. 
 Origins of the creeping annexation of Palestinian land. This zionist map is from <number> 
 You mean a Zionist state. Zionism is the cult which runs the apartheid state. 
 Now it’s MY turn to say back to you “Thank you for showing your ignorance” Zionist 
 a majority of leftists are against both zionists and anti-semitism lmao. i won’t argue with you that both parties are are blind to many things, but that shit is largely seen as conspiracy theory and justification for hatred of jews 
 What about the Palestinians! They are going through Covid- <number> and are under attack by the Zionists. 
 Trump is just a zionist/capitalist idk if he racist but majority of dems are capitalist as well.. like Obama.. they both agree on policies more than ppl think the exception being , , , and 
 Hey khazaria troll. I have read history as much as all ur hair. If ur mean of "history", is the same stupid history that the Zionists wrote after WWII, I do not need their lies. So it's better to give Palestine to the Palestinians and leave there before it's become too late ... 
 NWO 1wr King n queen Zionist Globalists Profiteers $$$ Unelected <number> Votes 
 Why is missed out of the list? He did so much for Israel too. Have a look at the list. The zionist lobby has more wealth than you and I have clean bathwater in our lives. 
 Based Zionist 
 Truth, for the East European Zionist, is definitely Covid- <number> . They can not handle it! 
 I believe in Palestinian human rights but Pals have been played and shafted badly by their parent Arab countries &amp; Hamas. In Israel, far and away most Zionists desperately want <number> thing: peace. What they receive instead: Infitada &amp; genocidal threats of “from the river to the sea.” 
 Trump is no Abraham Lincoln!! Wake the hell up Rick who do you work for the Zionists?? You refuse to talk about how Trump is their puppet!!! This is all theater and you want people to take to the streets? YOU GO!!! Trump works for the damn devil himself and I think you do too 
 I know they have a hard time in Syria but it’s deliberate plan to destroy Europe with mass migration by the sabbateans (Zionist racists of the worst kind) they hate white Christians more than any other ethnicity 
 Zionists are not calling for a massacre like you do in your description (Intifada). Would help if you saw Israeli Jews as human. 
 Israel: A protest and the black flags against a hypocrite, the Zionist Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the street of Balfour. <date> 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : Great now we get the Hitler youth girl telling us that the new plague will make it so that people will not b… 
 Zionist jews vs anti-zionist jews. I wonder who will win. ROFL 
 That`s not fair - U lot jumped in to attacked her without even hearing or giving thought to what she had to say &amp; haven`t let up- If she hurt your feelings, , maybe it`s because U lot hurt hers first 
 Trump is a Zionist. 
 They are Communists and you are a Zionist. Two sides of the same shekel 
 I said Zionists think it 
 At least they’ll not be paid by Israeli Zionists &amp; Arab slaves backstabbers blackmailers sellers of blood of brethren Those tanks are nightmares to treacherous anti Muslims Turkeys every move reveals treacherous character &amp; inner conscious of Arab world 
 Israrl is an unjustified occupation it's an illegitimate state it's a zionist project Zionism is a political colonial movement that justifies war crimes and human rights violations Zionism gave birth to modern terrorism and international corruption 
 The Iraqi imperial asset and the Pakistani-American Zionist cop all in one thread. The whole circus is showing up today. 
 He's a Zionist, promoting the right-wing leadership in state of Israel, not the Jewish people. His craven motives of promoting global authoritarian autocracies are transparent. 
 zionist are in charge of Israel so there will be no equality unless liberal israelis have a majority but it will not be allowed to happen. Palestinians have zero power &amp; now completely enslaved 
 Here is a wacky idea. Once upon a time not long ago there was an order to the world. Where souls could incarnate into specific societies according to their lets say 'disposition' to experience humanity and hopefully 'grow' in the wisdom of that culture... Then came the Zionists 
 Okay and? You didn’t know what a Zionist is 
 Fake. Like most things related to Jewish/Zionist claims to Canaan/Palestine 
 The rest of the world certainly does not. Think of all the lives saved if US Army/Navy/Airforce would just stay home and protect its own borders instead of going to war for the Zionists, Bankers and Oil cabal. The UK, FR and Germany might follow suit 
 Great concept, though YOU KNOW that via will do all in their power to make sure you are not elected. The Zionists want this planet for themselves, make no mistake. Their utter hate, and disdain for AND non elite Jews is OBVIOUS. 
 Meltdown has a place for you as a conservative pro life nonbinary gay Jewish (convert) pundit who is also HIV+, gay married, transphobic, and the author of a self-published Zionist children's book. 
 You do not get to make that definition. Again, there are anti Zionist Jews, they are anti semetic? 
 Zionist , might is right 
 never gonna forget how my gr <number> law teacher tried to turn all of us into zionists 
 Can not agree more, It is not about arabs jews muslims or christians that have been living in the Palestine for thousand years in peace, but its only about the zionists called israel ousted the indigineous people of Palestine <number> years ago. 
 So much true and stated facts. Thanks for exposing their sinister evil plans and ideology . I think arab world will now be aware of these zionists hindutwa ideology that they are always headed towards hurting muslims whether they belong to any country in the world. I appreciate! 
 Totally controlled by Zionist Jews money, corporations press, pentgon and white house. Only solution is Hitler's solution. 
 More Zionist propaganda coming out of his mouth. 
 Moses was the first Zionist. 
 Savage Dana White. He needed the zionists to step in &amp; tell him to stand down on the fight haha 
 This colonialist state is now less Jewish and more Zionist, it finds common ground with the Far right across the globe, the Israel that was supposedly created to protect Jews from the far right, is now itself more or less on a par with those it once fled. 
 DMFI had the honor &amp; privilege of meeting with who served as a Labour MP in the UK for <number> years before leaving the party because of its "culture" of anti-Zionist antisemitism Brave, brilliant and deserving of accolades....much deserved congratulations to him 
 They show by their courage like the "Righteous Gentiles" who hid Jews-others from Nazis that real Judaism not only has nothing to do with Zionism it is desecrated with any = sign so it is with real Christianity = "Gott Mit Uns" of Hitler &amp; Zionist Enablers 
 I do not think Bernie or any pro-Israel person currently cares about PM Yitzak Rabin Israel is already attacking southern Syria, making evident how they are pushing the plans for a the greater Israel This feels like a game of spot the zionist on easy mode, not even worth my time. 
 as if obama wasn’t zionist enough, biden said i’ll raise u one and adopt trump’s positions! 
 One of many Zionists who pretend to be American. Man holds dual Israeli/US citz. 
 hurl false accusations of against anyone criticizing , including &amp; ... 
 Pakistan must make the rightful people it's ally and not hypocrites. They will stab her in the back for sure. Maybe that is the Zionist plan to destroy Pakistan. 
 Every other posts of her is to normalize Israel in this affair. Bekesh biroon zaeefe, yek dafeh dar <number> kardid, kafi bood. Shah mara shoma zadid. The very same Shah identified harms of what you call nationalist Israeli (the freaking zionists). nice cover! What scam she is. 
 I look at Zionist and ISIS Stans as the same. Needs to be condemned and isolated.. 
 Zionist on the suffering of Palestinians? No 
 Just got followed by a Zionist lololol let us see how long it takes for the to realize Israel is an apartheid state :) 
 Are you saying that Ethiopian Israelis are not Zionists? 
 ARY anti sindhi people and sindh. Biased, Zionist, antipeople of Pakistan and promoting ethnic division in Sindh, must be banned. 
 So you are letting the Mossad Zionist Right-Wing Israel Government to run this account, since making Israel &amp; The Saudis being the rulers of the Middle East and one Trillionaire Family in the UK I will not say, people like you push for Trump's Agenda, and I AIN'T HAVING IT! 
 Get your governments under pressure by boycotting American goods To decide in your favor 
 ...it comes <number> the Goyim. The Zionists even collaborated w/ the Rothschild owned Central banks, Hitler &amp; the Nazis <number> create Israel. 
 Zionists are occupying that land fact just because a fairy tail saying their sky daddy says it’s theirs doesn’t justify occupation Read a book learn some history ffs 
 This works in theory but not practice. Zionism in practice has a powerful maximalist strain which after ' <number> renders Palestinian statehood non-viable. I say this as a hardcore Zionist. 
 Odd, given my choice of avatar, that I have had very little in the way of accusations of antisemitism and have easily refuted those few I have encountered. I jump all over Zionists and see the interaction through until they give up. No to apartheid and imprisoning children. 
 'pro-Palestine', 'anti-imperialist' Bashar al-Assad's grandfather Suleiman begged colonial France to stay in Syria, and also explicitly expressed his support for the Zionist occupation of Palestine, while also insulting Muslims. Yay, Axis of Resistance! 
 They tended to support binationalism for longer than most Zionists too. But when push came to shove post- <number> their parties and organizations came to toe Ben Gurion's line more or less, so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
 Check out Matthew's video! amazing! A Jew that triggers the Zionists 
 Hamas warns Zionist entity of consequences over al-Aqsa Mosque attacks 
 that's why I hate Zionist Jews. they took what their ancestors went through and it made them angry and vengeful. whereas I , see what my ancestors went through and I never want to see that happen to anyone else. 
 he didn’t leave gucci; i’m hoping he does. i’m not excusing him for his ignorant behavior in the past at all or the people he hangs out with. i want him to be held accountable for those behaviors and i’m hoping he takes a step in the right direction to get away from zionists. 
 Trump's Zionist Ball &amp; Chain, God is not a Real Estate Agent via 
 SATANIC OBSTRUCTIONNOFJUSTICE ! Evidence of his complicit perpetrator participation on the apartheid Zionist war crimes 
 Gad, he is a filthy zionist like yourself, what are you complaining about? 
 So... if Zionists do not genocide palestinians and do not plan on it, why are you lying? 
 and get rid of the and 
 To sum it all up, the mandate allowed for the creation of a Zionist administration working in parallel to that of the British mandatory government, which was tasked with helping the Zionist administration. The only thing it lacked under British rule was - 
 When Zionist Garbage takes itself out. 
 Kitten Jabril, although small , takes no crap off Zionist spy Orthodog. very proud of him ! 
 ... [Here an unspeakable quote from , no worse than things Transportation Min has said] "Remember them: <number> Chiefs of Staffs who joined supporters of terror so as to overthrow a Zionist government." 
 That's a laughably simplistic view, not unlike insisting that every use of the word "antisemitism" serves a Zionist plot. Is it true some of the time? Sure, but not always. 
 Yes turkish people did to abd and Zionist dogd as that photo 
 Who are you guys??? Teenagers??? Are you for real??? Who would ever doubted this??? have sooooooo many backers so why not Hezbollah?? I think the fact that The is unstoppable has made you guys nuts!!! Get a life 
 Actually the term zionist is used often. 
 I have never described myself as anti-Zionist. I know that the language is oftentimes antisemitic. That's why I make sure to only listen to Jewish voices &amp; orgs when it comes to negative views of Israel. I can understand that you have to be constantly vigilant for antisemitic lang 
 Importants always ignored by everybody is the US had taken hostage by the Zionists &amp; Evangelics although everybody were supposing it a Superpower! Liberty was post modern jargon of the Slavery! That's why people has to strike such that'll show who are the real boss! 
 Gaza people lack proper health facilities to fight Corona because of years of quarantine by Zionist regime 
 lol @ the big Zionist baby who made this 
 bored wanna text him who should not be named but he’s a zionist so tht repulses me 
 More like the Zionist here read this 
 For the last 24hrs, for just speaking and posting against Bill Gates agendas, I have been tackled by dozens of billy goats, labeling and insulting me from A-Z. Looks like Bill, just like the Zionists has a herd of farm animals and trolls trying to protect the cancer himself. 
 Any one who trust the zionist regime in Israel is digging their own grave ! 
 Top criminal Zionist-Jewish bloodlines not mentioned as much as the Rothschilds include the Walton, Dreyfus, Pritzker, Guggenheim, Sackler, Lauder, Durst, Tisch, Cohen, Arison, Ofer, Oppenheimer, Wertheimer, .. Part <number> 
 Has this boring, liberal, Iraq war-supporting zionist ever heard of Canary Mission? 
 The LOTO has confirmed that he is a Zionist, so there's no need for GnasherJew to attack the Labour Party any more. 
 Protestant church is something different. You are going to get the Roman Hierarchy soon. It has already started. Vatican seems to have joined itself to zionists for a while. Bible seems to indicate zionists soon destroyed and we will have major trade problems at that time. 
 is not steve aoki a zionist 
 If Syria cannot retaliate against Israeli strikes, why should not Ansar Allah strike Saudi Arabia every time Israel attacks Syria? Since Arabia is the ally of the Zionists, it will deter them from striking. 
 Yeh, yeh, yeh. Unfirtunaletly the world does not agree with you. Only the Americans who are slaves to the Zionist terrorists agree. How many resolutions have been passed against Israel by the UN? I have lost count. I am sure you know. 
 Behind closed doors they can be drinking,fornicating doing business dealings for decades with the Zionists/pro Zionists, and for public consumption talk about diplomatic relations and tensions. Closet ProZionist regimes do this for fear of losing oppressive control. 
 Let’s raise our vibes and frequencies so we can weaken the Matrix and Zionists. 
 If zionists are happy with this we can be sure of one thing: this man was for sure anti USrael ! 
 Two money-grubbing, Zionist, septuagenarian warmongering greedheads with dementia run for president..... 
 My information is mostly derived from jewish sources and many are Israeli and zionist. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : Imagine if the country had a President who spent more time in the Oval Office than on the golf course or… 
 Levitt is a Zionist racist! He's morally bankrupt! 
 You can clearly see how it was even before there was any Zionist movement. People of visited this land even admitted there were barely any people here. 
 Who’d win in a fight? A Zionist or a pro-bashar? 
 where did I ever say he was anti semitic? you are the one making the absurd accusations that I am some sort of zionist 
 The subjects of fascists turned themselves to fascists when they gained little power. Down with Zionist’s military occupation of Palestine. 
 My op-ed on the <number> -state solution on behalf of the New York Jewish Agenda (NYJA): Liberal Zionists mustn’t give up on the two-state solution via 
 Did not mean to imply all Zionists 
 I figured for some reason you were anti Zionist and idk why. I’m glad it’s not. Probably would have been friends either way. 
 In case the print is too small for you, one of them refers to as 'happy to do anything for his Zionist handouts'. That's how they usually speak of the current LOTO. 
 NYC: Muslim doctor called on people to spit on ‘Jew dogs,’ beat up Zionists, yet is allowed to treat Jewish patients 
 Hindutva Nazis are trending "I stand with Israel" in India while Israel bombing . These Genocidal maniac who Lynch Indian Muslims for eating beef are supporting beef eater Zionists because they attack Palestinians. - 
 “Greater Israel”: The Zionist Plan for the Middle East 
 Natural allies of the zionist occupation regime... 
 Unless you are gay,Muslim,non White,non Evangelical,non Zionist,fat,or a woman,than if you do not mind being offended <number> more years,&amp; living in hell, then vote Republican. 
 charles is a zionist shill 
 Gaza is a massive concentration camp of 2m people. <percent> descendants of refugees terrorised out of their homes at gunpoint by immigrant Zionist gangs in <number> - <number> &amp; by Israel's military thugs in <number> . Israel controls all who enter &amp; leave &amp; regularly bombs it into the Stone Age. 
 Maybe the Ayatollahs should spend their money on Iran instead of wasting it in Syria, Yemen, Gaza, Lebanon, Afghanistan, etc. 
 theyre all Zionists ? 
 When you have no good material to defend a Zionist so you have to tear someone down based on their appearance SAD as fuck! 
 Hes just another Zionist faction vying to control the Zionist bankers, corporations and drug dealers stranglehold over America! Have him address this TREASON 
 do you wanna free palestine or are you a zionist? 
 it’s okay! i just thought it should have been worded differently. but i completely agree that zionists use expansion and agression as a response to trauma when it should not be. 
 <number> million a day our taxpayer money wasted to support apartheid evil Zionist Israel murdering by bombing using our Americans weapons over all innocent civilians women and children in Palestine Syria Jordan &amp; elsewhere in Middle East. We needed our money to be reinvested in USA 
 Israel lives in a dangerous part of the world, huh? Then perhaps they should not be such dicks to their neighbors. Play nice Zionists, or pay for your own security. Why should the US support their human rights violations? We got our own needs to protect right here. 
 the way i was thinking ab this earlier today like i always hit them with that "you stan a zionist" when they start getting brave but they really just brush it off they do not give a fuck and it shows 
 i legit dont like niall.. liam is meh for me and harry is a zionist apparently so yikes.. 
 zionism is a universal ideology that anybody who believes in a right to jewish self-determination can adopt, that doesn’t water down the fact that it is imbedded in the grounds of judaism. it’s almost as though most zionists are not jewish because jewish people are a minority? 
 I’m right Did you read any other RELIABLE source ? “Herod born in southern Palestine, Edomite father Arab, mother Arab, thus Herod was of Arab origin, although a practicing Jew” Zionists claim to have knowledge But Zionists learn nothing 
 For example, that the UK hated what would become Israel (tho still played king maker among its internal factions), &amp; supported/armed the Arab Liberation Army. While the USSR was first to recognize it, &amp; socialist Checheslovakia armed the Zionist armies &amp; militias. 
 US soldiers in Iraq are mercenary forces and their role is simply to steal the oil, loot the Iraqi wealth and to protect Zionist Israel. 
 MEDIA ZIONISTS DON'T KNOW WHEN TO QUIT: "The story goes back to <date> , when a TV game show contestant was asked what is the capital of Israel..answer 'Tel Aviv' was deemed wrong..right answer, the contestant was told, is 'Jerusalem' The incident sparked a public debate in Italy" 
 It's the high spot of the Zionist day!... making Palestinian children homeless... Pure funking evil. 
 <number> Biden on Shalom TV: "I am a Zionist. You do not have to be a Jew to be a Zionist." <number> Biden at AIPAC: "The idea that we should draw military assistance from Israel, on the condition that they change a specific policy, I find it tk be absolutely outrageous." 
 The Zionist regime who behave worse than hitler!!! They claim holocaust was a terrifying experience but today are destroying and killing innocent life’s and taking peoples land!! 
 And what can be a bigger act of religious extremism than this?And who was asking that who needs the word of God anyway?These Israeli white Zionist thugs need it..to remind themselves of a life after..a judgement day..hell and all those firecrackers up their sorry butts.. 
 It’s JEWISH people BOUND BY RELIGION Otherwise.. Jews will NOT be nation What else would bind them together other than religion I know that the concept is becoming hard for Zionists to understand, let alone to explain.. 
 He was a Zionist extremist willing to fund the campaigns of both parties as long as they suck up to aipac. 
 God willing, there will be a time in the near future when all the people of the world will be so disgust with the zionist Israel and will come together to persecute their evil actions. 
 Top tip: Avoid being expelled from the Labour Party for your belief in biological sex by arguing that gender is a Zionist conspiracy. 
 wanna try something here... tulsi gabbard bitcoin blockchain zionist donald trump hillary clinton 
 I believe many are heading to might be what you are looking for too, led by and unashamedly socialist and anti-zionist. 
 Honestly it's OK - NO ONE outside of India takes them seriously other than Zionists (reflexive really) and those Zionist-loving Christian types. Outside of those guys, nobody does. So maybe this conversation is worth something in Delhi or whatever, but means nothing in the US. 
 Yes, they are the ideal "Noahide" slaves the Zionists are looking for. Gladly they would reject Christ and serve as "temple punks" for their Jewish masters in the "messianic age" (what we may call the great tribulation). 
 Patrick Henningsen: "Game theory dictates ‘maximum pressure’ &amp; military threats guarantee Iran gives <number> concessions to US. Trump hostage to anti-Iran agenda blindly backed by US Christian Zionists. He needs both for <number> reelection 
 That’s true. Which is why the only chance left is to hold to account for her weak capitulation to Zionists. She needs to speak to rather than the cuckoo in the nest Lansman. 
 That includes the Zionist that are supremacist too. In Jesus name, amen! 
 Reason number <number> why I will keep on calling out performative activism and fake wokeness: People who have free Palestine in their bio to look good and then stan celebrities who are openly zionist and against Palestine. 
 Ha! They think calling us Hasbara or Zionist is an insult. If they only knew how proud we are of those titles. 
 what i read in there is: "you can be a settler colonialist, but against current government policy &amp; also not a fascist"... certainly, tho the mental gymnastics is pretty impressive. i guess my real question is, how can u be zionist and not be settler colonialist @ same time? 
 Israhell was founded with Palestinians stolen lands. PM Balfour did it in <number> . To zionist. You can read in his famous letter to Rosthchild 
 The term "British Jews" was taken from the BoD's <number> demands as they claimed to represent them - which, of course, they do not. Rachel's <number> demands were a facetious mockery of those Zionist demands as they should never be accepted. 
 Not Jewish groups groups, big difference. Not all Jews are Zionist not all Zionists are Jews. Moden Zionism is a far right racist ideology that actively supports apartheid and human rights violations. Many jews want nothing to do with it. 
 Bernie Sanders is no Zionist, sorry | The Jerusalem post 
 While you’re patting yourself for so many noncomplishments maybe it’s time to ask a “leader” why the USA is Zionist. We should be doing everything in our power to protect the xtian Palestinians. I mean if you believe that BS about USA being an xtian nation ... 
 "We slaughtered Jeremy Corbyn," gloats Joe Glasman, a hardline Zionist who falsely smeared Jeremy Corbyn as an anti-Semite at the general election Joe Glasman is one of many Zionists backing Sir Keir Starmer as Labour leader 
 I argue with you that they have been Christian at the lower levels and infiltrated at the highest and to that end are subverted by the Zionist to their ends. Destroying Christianity in whose interest? Talmudic Jews hate them and have been killing them whenever possible. 
 In Fact, all of has been in a State of ‘’ Since the Late 1940s when 'Israel' became a 'state' and the Palestinian Homeland was Erased by Zionist Colonialists with the Support of their Western Benefactors 
 Who tf has a twitter handle that says "zionist doll" and expect to be taken seriously lmao? Nah, you can not be proud of a colonizatory genocidal country. 
 Tell me why would a Kurdistan be in the interest of US? US has absolutely no national interest in establishing a Kurdistan. It’s all because of the zionist hegemony in US. But the days of the zionists in US are numbered. 
 <number> million a day our taxpayer money wasted to support apartheid evil Zionist Israel murdering by bombing using our Americans weapons over all innocent civilians women and children in Palestine Syria Jordan &amp; elsewhere in Middle East. We needed our money to be reinvested in USA 
 everyone hating on american zionists as if israel and america are not <number> sides of the same coin 
 Not at all, like zionist learned from the naizs about cruelty and propaganda, i have learned from zionism, But when israel finally does collapse, it will not see another Nakba for the Jews, only the zionsts... 
 Soviet Zionist disinfo to discredit the revolution in These publicly denounce any/all grassroots revolution against but they have always worked to expand the influence of the via &amp; are allies 
 The smug reporter gets bashed by Eva Bartlett. Mainstream narrative simply has to blame it all on Assad bcz taking Assad out is so critical to a complex pro Zionist agenda. 
 I am simply correcting your mistakes about Zionist 
 I cannot abide that Hamas is labelled a terror organization. Hamas is a legitimate democratically elected governing body with every right to exist &amp; is not on the terror lists of either the EU or the zionist loving UK which says much about it's true status 
 Really? And as a Zionist u proof is that ur opinion is fact? And flattering is determined by views of human rights? Interesting... 
 lock down the the qadiani lobby of establishment n selected PM reperent Zionist freemasons ILLUMINATI lobby for betterment of Pakistan n 
 A UN report declares Israel is an Apartheid state, Zionists declare the UN "antisemitic", proves how deranged and unhinged Zionists are! 
 so please explain how passing anti-BDS laws means they think that people mean Jew when they say zionist sunshine? 
 the way i never called dan a zionist. Then why'd u call me a zionist????? if it's not something you ''just'' use. 
 Bernie is not a zionist. At all. 
 He is a sincere ally of zionists. 
 David, do you care about Judaism, being Jewish or Zionism? If so, how do you respond to the far left's post-Zionist viewpoints and their insistence that Israel cease to exist as the Jewish state? You brought up politics.... 
 Well, those who believe that are not covering themselves in glory are they? Not very bright thing to malign the very people who loath racism/AS and in pique at a relatively small number of anti-Zionists, move to the far right and get eaten by wolves. 
 You Audracist have no idea what goes on in the Middle East. The most racist place there is the zionist colonialist settler state that is an to humanity 
 a military, but that would eventually become part of the support. Yet Zionist still argue that Israel isn’t a colonial project... 
 Sunni were all close with shia but at zia era created by Zionists, brought divisions between them, they(zio) scared from shia still after battle of khaibar 
 Then why do alot of Zionists denounce a Palestinian state and call for the massacre of innocent civilians that they call "slaves" "animals" and "intelligent deficiency" to have their own state? 
 Actually the article reinforces the view that by and large most Jews are Zionist either than a fringe being some Ultra Conservative Orthodox Jews like Netura Karta and far left Jews like JVP and If Not Now. 
 Neocon USA , Zionist Israel &amp; RSS India are together against Muslims All over the World. Obama gave <number> Billion $ to Iran &amp; more. Trump is putting so called sanctions. This is all covert game. Try to understand.They are Not our friends or allies. But friends &amp; allies of each other 
 Yes! Worse because their base is a lie! They are not Semitic, but call themselves Semitic. Israel was made dor the Semitics due to the holocaust but today a very small number, if any, are Semitics the rest are East European Zionists! 
 No, not in my experience. But Zionists? US zionists in particular? Yes, very. 
 zionist terrorists always manage to show the world that they are barbaric immoral savages and have no connection to any kind of humanness whatsoever; they are less the rodents or cochroaches! 
 Not red herring at all, Zionist, Israel first ppl control US govt. the same one's that led us to war in Iraq, in wars in the ME, Syria, want a war in Iran, and their thrust for these wars are a greater Israel. Look up the Oded Yinon Plan. it explains all. 
 she’s a zionist? god damn it we lose so many 
 harry styles makes bad music and is a zionist like omg 
 It turns out that there are more Zionist in than . An uplift to hurdles towards the 3rd Temple via deal. Perhaps, the aftershocks of must now be absorbed and responded by ; fully backed up with true Muslims. 
 Zionist head of major theological consortium has been pushed out 
 I love Israel and I am a proud Zionist. Your problem is you are anti-Semitic and hate the idea of an independent Jewish state. Jews have made the land fertile, introduced amazing advances in science, and technology. What has Iran done lately besides shoot down a passenger plane? 
 y’all keep trynna tell me JKR is trash but we been knew since her zionist propaganda in the HP movies 
 Abbas loves to raise both fists when talking. What does it means in Palestinian sign language? A. I am constipated B. Zionist took my parking spot C. Lets make Abu Dis great again D. All of the above 
 I don’t know who needs to hear this but turkey is not anti-zionist 
 The zionists know how to find and exploit useful power hungry idiots like Trump and Bosonardo to do their bidding. 
 Iranians are starved, now with the excuse that rockets against U.S. occupiers in Iraq come from Shia Iraqis. ISIS has attacked the bases multiple times with rockets, but Zionists simply decide that it's not them doing it now. 
 That's your right. But many practicing Jews are not Zionists. If we have learned anything from the Holocaust, it's that no one is free until we are all free and that includes both Israelis and Palestinians 
 where did he get his degree in Zionist Ideology? University of Wall Street? 
 The Lebanese jews where forced to leave Lebanon for many Reasons War, insecurity ex and most of them chose the US,France,Canada Regardless using the term Lebanese are anti-Semitic against jews is based on ZIONIST ideology all the people in the Levantine from all faith are Semite 
 Who started the whole Islamophobia business with Clash of Civilizations, Harvard's Samuel Huntington! who's deeply embedded with Zionist AIPAC? Harvard! Who gains from terror and ISIS being seen as frightening evil Muslims? "Israel", Wahabist Prince Oil and Murder and Trump etc.! 
 It's hard to open a Jewish text or partake in a Jewish tradition that *is not* tied to the homeland so I am truly curious what being "anti-Zionist" and also proudly Jewish means to you. 
 gabi stop trying to be respectable to zionists who call you a disgusting token challenge 
 any other modern politician who has done that. JC is anti zionist, that does not make him anti semitic as is often tried to do to him. 
 Why do you think they are in the West in the first place? Zionist wars displace them so that they can come and replace us. The cycle must be broken. 
 Would a Zionist coronavirus cure be Halal? Iranian cleric says yes 
 hey how is my favorite liar!? I am chilling with one of my Famoso friend: Mr Vegas Robaina... You said once that you want to educate me! Tell us more about the and the ... 
 <number> . to the . During , emerged as a powerful spokesperson for the Zionist movement. In <number> , when declared its independence, Golda Meir was one of the signers of Israel’s declaration. 
 ive read many others lmfao. ive probably read more zionists than you too 
 After Iranian Leaders Incite 'Jihad Against Zionists,' US Lawmakers Demand Twitter Ban 
 she did not find random bds obsessives pop up from nowhere when they heard someone discussing anti semitism. she probably a prominent critic of bds from the zionist perspective and her and bds are at each others' throats constantly. i am sure. it's a pundit tribal tif. 
 Mark Levin is the personification of Evil .a Racist, a Divider, a lier , What is good to have a good economy when everyone is Dying. Mark Levin worry about not being able to give billions of dollars to the Zionist government in ISRAEL! He does not care about the American people! 
 Facts. Zionist are not even semitic. European dressed up as Middle Eastern. 
 She won’t do that. Zionist won’t allow that to happen. Only Americans can do the right thing and vote for a man who will fight for them. Even if it’s one time vote for free medicine. It’s still worth voting Sanders. Why are ppl so self destructive 
 Yes of course they have. But now you are talking about "policies" when I am saying that there are Zionists who believe much more of the region belongs to them and they should expand. 
 The Very Nazis Y'All are Brainwashed to Hate, Are The Very Zionist-Jesuits- Black Nobility Controlling the World Today. Get . Take Your Lives Back. Do not Expect Others To Do It For You! Your Vote Is Controlled. Your Voice Is not! 
 He's right. Maybe the Zionists will embrace peace at some point and get back behind the green line then we can change our judgement on that. Until then it stands as a perfectly reasonable judgement. 
 thinking about how harry might be a zionist 
 Definitely. It’s quite a binary choice. You can be zionist hard left, zionist hard right, you can be centrist. Because Zionist are coming from all spectrum. But if you are not one, you are antizionist. 
 What do you mean by self-determination here? As far as I know, almost all zionists see it as being about having an ethnically Jewish state. 
 ALL NETWORKED FOR CONFUSION, CHAOS &amp; DECEPTION. COMMUNIST, MARXIST SOCIALIST, FASCISTS, ANTIFA NEO NAZIS, HELLBOLLAH, HAMAS, ISLAMIC ISIS, ZIONISTS, JESUITS, KNIGHTS OF MALTA, NATO, UN, CFR, TRILATERAL COMMISSION, IMF = NWO Look at all their Symbolism merging. Open your Eyes. 
 I think the way Israel treats Palestinians is abhorrent. I think the way a lot of Jews in this country (Zionists) treat other minorities, is also abhorrent. Zionists give a bad name to all of the good Jewish people out there like me, who stand with minorities. 
 Sorry, I and others were in the middle of excoriating the usual Jew haters and other anti-Zionists It's an excellent article and I wish I could pin it, but even has become PC and I cannot pin it I have however, shared it to Facebook Thanks for tweeting it 
 Ofc, a Zionist Israeli would deny the mass killings that Zionists do, apparently you are living under a rock, oh wait you are not, you are just acting stupid. 
 The vast majority of Zionists support Palestinian rights. 
 I do not see the word Zionist. 
 They lie about everything the Nazi Zionist who rule the US. They destroyed everything they touched 
 You are mixing up real with nonsense and occult and garbage 
 The Zionists might have military supremacy but in essence they are no better than their head hacking cousin in ISIS. 
 for supporting a Zionist 
 Zionist Entity should be rejected on every front ...even if they call racist for the rejection. 
 i’m a gay palestinian and have been to palestine many times. this is so wrong lmfao. zionists have brain rot 
 The trail therefore leads more to the Zionist state and its criminal oligarchs! Everything else is a cheap smear campaign that only Christian Zionists, US militarists and EU agitators fall for. 
 There is, in fact, a significant difference between these two statements! Especially when the latter statement is often used by right-wing Zionists as a deliberate mischaracterization of boycotts of West Bank settlements products that do not include Israel within the Green Line. 
 Nonsense! That’s what Hitler and Zionists claimed! It’s very anti Semitic! 
 "The Zionist infection in the party is now complete" Great work Z-team!!! 
 finding out the guy who coordinated w/ the cops in NY last night was a "liberal zionist" is just like.....of COURSE he is 
 harry styles is a zionist and starring in a romance cop movie like zayn is right there with the better voice and music and isn’t problematic he deserves the solo career that harry doesn’t 
 This plan will never happen. Zionist maid, Arab heads of state, Muslims will not leave you peaceful 
 <number> Donald Trump himself is a good and patriotic man, but he is a prisoner of neocons and Zionists (Except when he goes to Helsinki or to international summits where VVP is present, there he is released). 
 I’m not sure if anyone was aware last year this kind gentleman was attacked and had a chemical thrown in his face for being a pro Zionist, he almost lost his sight but the doctors saved it, to anyone who had experience that and is okay now, this guys amazing 
 The "evidence" that Daveed is a Zionist? He went to Israel. 
 " was a leader of the heroic uprising against " &amp; "was an anti-, ," writes David Rosenberg in his profile of the Polish Jewish champion of : 
 Many Israeli Jews hate Zionists...it's not necessarily racist... 
 PS only idiots of the US watch any of the lies on the fake US zionists/atheists/ evicted commie run media...shut them off and do not be a whiner...my brothers kids and mine HATE when I tell them DON't be a whiner...US born are the biggest whiners on earth... 
 Wow, Zionist, communist? Beg to differ, my choice. Why didn’t you just say the Priory of Sion..........makes no sense. 
 "The Second World War must be fomented by taking advantage of the differences between the Fascists and the political Zionists. This war must be brought about so that Nazism is destroyed and that the political Zionism be strong enough to institute a sovereign state of Israel..." 
 People Ignorance is enough Get to know Muhammad(the last prophet and the best man). Do not let the Zionists hide the truth from you 
 The zionist devil from Al BritishSaudi goes to china &amp; said what Enemy Chinese dog eater regime doing upon Muslims is RIGHT imprisoning millions+ TERRORISING&amp;TORTURING MUSLIMS GIRL BEEN MARRIED TO KUFFARS BY FORCE. MAY ALLAH'S WRATH UPON THOSE ZIONIST MBS &amp; ALL ARAB REGIMES AMEEN 
 Exactly. To Zionists, Arabs in general &amp; Palestinians in particular, are very much children of a lesser god. Their lives are deemed less valuable &amp; ultimately less human, than those of Jewish Israelis. I believe "untermensch" was once a term that was much in vogue. 
 has an as the strikes the wife of 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : Give me a break people... Hell if trump takes a shit u think is bad because Hitler did it GROW THE FUCK UP… 
 Two Zionists 
 They are all soulless parasites who work for the Zionist Aipac money $$$$$$$ 
 First define the word zionist for me and tell me what this word means for you. 
 is the satanic used by the zionist apartheid occupation system 
 Literally the same thread, but also I could point you towards the Grayzone crew which holds dominance on much of Left Anti-imperialist Twitter. Constant Islamic Republic apologetics, and if you ever criticize IRI you are accused of being a Zionist. 
 The zionists are very good at it. 
 You are distorted! You are life is a lie!You drone on about how well read you are, how normal your life is with your Arab friends blah blah blah..zionists come in all shapes &amp; sizes. If you support zionism, you support HATRED &amp; the tawdriness of humanity. The real isreahell 
 Games like that or shows like “The <number> ” are Communist Psyops to trick us into thinking we need Gov otherwise people would go crazy and start killing each other. This is far from the truth &amp; designed to manipulate you. Remember the game and movies are make by Zionist Communists. 
 Facebook is Zionists controlled tool 
 if you’re a zionist, block me &lt; <number> if you’re an islamophobe, block me &lt; <number> if you’re racist, block me &lt; <number> if you’re a sexist, block me &lt; <number> if you’re a homophobe, block me &lt; <number> if you’re transphobe, block me &lt; <number> if you justify any kind of sexual harassment, block me &lt; <number> 
 : might is right 
 not being a zionist doesn’t make you an anti-semitist. get your uneducated ass out of here 
 What do you suggest? Wipe out israel and all its zionist jews? You think the west (and zionists there) are just gonna look and clap for us? This would unleash the most severe instability in the middle east! Be realistic. 
 All your heroes are dead. Lol. And the Mets are owned by Zionists. Lol. 
 my second ex is a non practicing jew, the only turd of his huge family...my best husband is a sunni muslim...not easy either when commie/zionists/atheists such as drumph ban visas to people from muslim countries..and now asian countries...drumph has a huge long list of crimes 
 Israeli Zionist occuption forces attack innocent Palestinians everyday. occuption is the heart of all injustice. Palestineians can’t even breath in there pun land. 
 Simple test for whether a statement is antisemitic: substitute different religions/ethnic groups for "Jews" or "Zionists" &amp; see how it sounds. Thus, "____ should go back to (wherever);" antisemitic. "____ have no right to live on Palestinian land;" antisemitic. "____ have (cont.) 
 Always Beautiful too see the natives fighting back against racists/zionists colonizers...! Salute to heroic youth....Love and Respect to them... 
 Women can not even let men have autism to ourselves 
 imagine claiming you fight fascism but at the same time you a zionist 
 honestly so glad i do not understand the headspace of williamson. why would you try and out anti-zionist an anarchist anti-zionist jewish group as a fucking retired Labour MP who is also bald 
 So like a Zionist? 
 If your standard for authors people should not read is "published a shitty Zionist-adjacent article in the Burlington Times in <number> " but not "betrayed millions of people whose blood was spilled to achieve socialism," you are ideologically incoherent. 
 Love how who taught us how to be suicide bombers killing British soldiers worse than bombs ever did, that all of Judaism is and as such is the voice of the entire religion You live in the Well you did! Before 
 THE ZIONISTS By GEO. W. ARMSTRONG 
 CHRISTIAN ZIONIST= warmonger! CHRISTIAN=peace lover! 
 Pretty sure hillary works for the Zionists too. He just bid higher. Biden will offer no alternative. 
 You have no clue what Herzl stood for but instead take out of context quotes from EF and think it "shows us up". All it shows is your complete ignorance of founder of Zionism &amp;Zionist movement to rest of us. Zionism been around <number> centuries,did not have name haters could weaponize 
 are you guys going to watch the zionist’s movie? 
 Comrade Ingram. I have similar qualifications as identified in your bio. Unfortunately, the PPC is DOA. Let the last elections results be your guide. Anybody associated with Harperism simply cannot be trusted. Probably Zionist &amp; NATO friendly when the rubber hits the road. 
 Not sure Ducey is really a Zionist, I think he just likes the aesthetic 
 You’re blaming zionists for actual Arab and or Muslim dictators killing their own people. You likely don’t know the meaning of the word Zionist. Why is Egypt a shambles? Lebanon? The list goes on 
 They need to look into Lindsey Graham’s father and how he sold out the churches to the Zionist and changed doctrine forever in the US, he is not on the side of Jesus,they worship the god of this world satan! 
 Jews have to revolt against Zionists. They are giving Jews a bad name. 
 first of all, if it’s so tiny they wouldn’t be putting so many palestinians at risk and killing and being so inhumane. second, never compare me to being a white supremacist. third, not against jews. there are palestinian jews &amp; jews who aren’t zionists. ignorant. not all r muslim 
 it'd take me a while to list all of it. but mainly all the stuff to do with israel + the fact he has pro-israel/Zionist friends. he appropriated (not sure if that's the right word), native American culture. and he hangs around with extremely problematic people 
 Zionist Israel are clearly the terrorists of the Middle East... 
 They are all Zionist puppets. The Russia thing is just a distraction and the exploitation of Russiophobia cultivated during the cold war. 
 There are not many Jews who are not Zionist. <number> percent of American Jews support the the existence of Israel and of the <percent> that don’t, it included Hasidim who are waiting for the messiah before they will accept Israel. That leaves a few far left cranks 
 Our ancestors had defeated the Templars. We will defeat the Zionist soon, . 
 ISIS Saudis do that. Born Again Evangelicals do that. Zionists do that. You really have no education in this field of religion. 
 I am a proud Zionist. Anyone that denies the Jewish people the right to our ancestral home is either just irrelevant or a dangerous enemy. 
 If they do not like Israeli prices, they should buy from Egypt.... 
 Your all bought n payed for by your Zionist masters... you pledged allegiance to Israel not America 
 But I still don’t understand why Mr. Cohen prefers the 2SS. From reading the article, the only problem making the 1SS more impossible is the Zionist project that has always been one of colonization. 
 The Zionists got the US into WWI on the British side explicitly to barder a post-war landgrab in Palestine. US media did a <number> , went from anti-war and pro-German to being pro-war and anti-German The Germans eventually found out, were rightly outraged, and took things too far 
 "Killing Gaza" Film about the <number> atrocitites the criminal zionists committed in Gaza, the liars here will call fake 
 Just like George W's Iraq! Jewish Zionists in and out of Congress are racing to get on cameras to prove they don’t want to go to war with with American blood. They’re lying for Israel who doesn’t like spilling Jewish blood. 
 's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more. 
 Fight Zionism. Support I will not vote for any Zionists in US elections. No Biden. No Klobuchar. No way. 
 Zionists are the biggest threat to humanity. 
 Nout wrong with Zionists 
 Yes, I believe he is a very proud Zionist. He goes wherever the money takes him and doesnt care who it is. He has no loyalty to anybody except himself and is not the Patriot his followers believe him to be. 
 I dont know if ppl like you seriously believe that. When they had that Zionist who assassinated the prime minister..because he was giving away to much. Either side will never put down arms fully. That is nonsense. Make moves beyond this. Let all west bank gaza go. Just forget it 
 Did he say he was a proud Zionist? Really? If so, why does not he join the Knesset? 
 All the westerners who seem so pleased Palestinians are being pressed to normalise their own persecution and oppression. Yeah let us trust Arab tyrants and western Zionists to bring peace. 
 They do not all agree with each other, though, not even on Israel. Something the self styled "Jewish community" (made up of various pro-Israel groups that do not allow anti-Zionist Jews to join are keen to deny, despite claiming all Jews support Israel being an anti-Semitic trope 
 the "israeli" far-right is doomed to lose ... a sling will suffice ... the indignity and cowardice of the Zionists will destroy them ... here and elsewhere ... 
 Well, we know he/she/it is from NW London. Interesting that a citizen of what remains of English Empire that abandoned Palestinians to their fate as rabid burned+looted villages &amp; homes, raped their women &amp; terrorized their children into exile should be so £$£$-fixated 
 You do realize that not being a Zionist and being anti-semitic are two totally different things right? You can’t just erase someone’s Jewish heritage because it’s convenient for you. Bernie had direct family he never got to meet because they died in the Holocaust. You’re sick. 
 I mean it's not really for your benefit at this point, you demonstrated your stubbornness a while back, but lurkers will read all this thread. The end of zionist wars of aggression in the Middle East. Thanks. Polls of zoomers indicate that our views are winning out. 
 Orthodox, ultra orthodox, secular, socialist, zionist.... as different as Christians &amp; Muslims. We must return to Torah &amp; unite BEFORE returning to Israel: "Then you will call upon me and come &amp; pray to me, and I will hear you... I will gather you from all the nations" - Jer <number> 
 I am not anti-Zionist, I am anti-apartheid and anti-settler-colonialism. The Palestinians have a right to exist within their ancestral homeland of Palestine 
 we can show you similar pictures of Zionists doing this to Palestinians... 
 I did not call Zionists Nazis. You did. You know that. I think this thread is causing some folks to self-medicate 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 The Zionists control the "benjamins" hence Ilhan Omar gets attacked. 
 Rothschild family funded both sides and had his ppl in place. Just like communist Jews in democrats and Zionist Jews in republicans. 
 there is an artist who’s music i actually like but theyre a zionist so i cant listen ... 
 Witch is worst Corona or Zionist Corona give a chance to live Zionist not 
 That's the thing, PTSD from a very young age, what will that do? Human nature, they'd feel angry towards the IDF. Perfectly entitled to be, but the Zionists will then call them terrorists. There's a saying- every Palestinian knows someone or heard of someone being traumatised 
 This is how it works: <number> . Jews <number> . Israelis <number> . Zionists 
 More than <percent> of Jews are Zionist. 
 synagogues are Zionist spaces? what the fxxck are you on about?? 
 She fails to mention that it trains w/ a number of nations. Allies help one another. Israel ends up making USA <number> Billion a year. Fair trade for investment in its technology. Zionist is the new code word. It’s an attempt at normalizing the demonization of the worlds Jewish state 
 Never forget how Arab Zionists were taken care of in Occupied Palestine 
 It’s too late Ariel, Abbas already outed you a “liberal Zionist” there no hiding it now. It’s ok, you no longer need to grovel their attention. Just own it, it’s ok; you’re a Zionist. You support the existence of Israel. 
 This is repetition. Indigenous Jewish population of Palestine in <number> was less than <percent> . They did not colonise the country, they had been there for generations. Zionists from Europe did that. 
 So you do not care whether they are Zionists or not because that's irrelevant but you do care that they are all white because that's why you posted it I see you 
 All Zionist stories are fake n fabricated. All you Zionists, are liars; you stole the land of Palestine, destroyed houses, killed the indigenous Palestinians, built your houses on the ruins of Palestine n claimed it's yours. Anyone on Earth would question it, will be history. 
 You want nothing but make normal relations with an illegal regime that occupied arab Palestine Already many arab state have recognised barbaric regime as a country Forget about the Abbasid Khilafat. You want nothing more than to serve Zionists and the West that destroyed Libya 
 Forever Trump. Glorious people of the United States of America; do not support the zionists. You are the ancestors of Abraham Lincoln. 
 You are woefully misinformed if you believe Hitler worked or cooperated in a positive way with Zionists (Jews). Is it intentional, Melissa? 
 Heard Abraham was a staunch Zionist too 
 Wait- Did he say he was or is he somehow showing it?? I am confused.. I know about Palestinian but what did Harry do to make him seem Zionist? 
 Bari Weiss is a right wing Zionist monster. The woman as a student had several of her professors at Columbia University removed for being anti-Semitic just for criticizing slaughtering Palestinian children. And it's VERY telling that Bill Maher loves her. 
 LMFAOOOOOOOO @ telling you it wasn’t “Humanity First” to be pissed off about a Zionist advocating for “carpet bombing” &amp; slaughtering Palestinians! White people love to tone-police! 
 Kab the question I have is yes Epstein was the puppet ghislaine the handler. She is a puppet too and has a handler higher up. Connected to mossad. Isreal saved for last. This is biblical. I feel this goes back to the zionists, descendants of Caine. They are the master to puppets 
 The Zionists helped create Istael. Balfour Declaration. 
 Previous tweet was response to this garbage that the original poster (NOT the person asking the question i was responding to) quickly removed. “Zionist” is to “all Jews” like “Deep State” is to “all Americans.” 
 “Yes, the Je…Zionist Peston is also on the list, as is the Je…Zionist Hodge, and the Je…Zionist . Come the Revolution, we’ll teach them to be honest by the sweat of their Je…Zionist noses.” 
 Is annexation bad for peace cuz its wrong, or cuz we continue to fail in combatting the media/scholastic anti-Zionist narrative of mid twentieth century Palestinianism? Arab peace and sovereignty will be expedited once appeasement ends. And for voting in USA- uh... Iran Deal?! 
 She's not gonna shag you. And she's still a Zionist. 
 Finally, it is proven that is a more powerful country than . girl raped by <number> powerful men in is jailed after she was denied a lawyer. British gov't is scared of &amp; will not protect its own citizen. 
 imam Khamenei : Palestine will surely see a day when the Zionist regime no longer exists 
 Thanks for insulting. You r &amp; LIAR (which is same thing). I will waste a reply before I block u: the illegal colony is a colony imposed on our by ethnic-cleansing. This is THE POINT but u prefer insulting because you have NO TRUTH 
 A good plan, as it turns out! The reasoning skills are...not so good. I’ve clocked them saying “I never said Zionists were the cause of the Shoah” and then, <number> tweet later, going “anyway, they DID cause it, basically.” 
 israel renews administrative detention for detainee two days before release. This just confirms that zionists are a bunch of terrorists 
 Thanks for retweeting. Here is a quick explanation. Not everyone who calls himself Jewish is Jewish. Therefore the Nazi Zionist state Is not the Jewish state if they are not following Jewish law. 
 “Evidence” do u even know how strong the word Zionist is? Bc for someone who never said a word about this issue and never donated to Israel never performed there NOTHING u don’t call a Zionist 
 One Great Reason to Vote for the Hatikvah Slate: Funding for Progressive Zionist Youth Movements: There has been a lot of handwringing in the Jewish community about the growing number of unaffiliated Jewish families and young people who are not… Jewschool 
 Trump is a Zionist puppet that's shoved on face to keep you entertained with his antics while your country is still the same. This entire system does not represents the will of the people and is illegitimate. 
 can you tell me seriously if you think chris evans or harry styles is zionist? i keep seeing that but the connections they’re making to come to that conclusion are not adding up for me. 
 This article is detalied and factual. Tech companies are funded by US gov n to operate in Israel “because they seek to make Israel the high tech capital of the world, where Israel will rule the world in a one world government from Jerusalem as Ben Gurion predicted.” 
 These kneeling Israel First hypocrites have voted to fund Zionist apartheid and ethnic cleansing of Palestinians for decades. 
 As long as you work with Zionism, cyber activity will extend and American commercial and financial security institutions will be seriously affected. If you do not reduce the circle of the Zionist threat inside and outside the United States, there will be no hope of returning 
 Slavery not much has changed it’s worst then <number> yrs ago when mostly Afro American in South were in slavery but today whole nation has been enslaved by Zionist 5th column who has been diverting billions of federal resources from Americans to Israel &amp; no one is allowed to question 
 Trump and his zionist administration are above the law and now the police are as well.A new prosecutor with the same answers.Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine 
 This too is Genocide. Is there a more evil entity on earth than Zionist Israel? 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 People assume he's a zionist. 
 <number> state solution or <number> state solution? — one independent Palestinian state without a single zionist on walking on our land 
 First they came for the Ayatollah...will you be next? Ayatollah Tweets "Wealthy Zionists" Control America Amid Push To Get Him Banned From Twitter | Zero Hedge 
 That’s right. And wahabbis are not proper muslims, they are Zionist ass licking hypocrites spreading the lies of Mu’awiya and Umar the dogs. Incidentally, being a sunni/wahabbi “proper muslim”, you can’t have that many brain cells to lose. 
 Yeap more zionists wars in tge Middle East, baldy 
 The Zionist Assad regime will never attain any form of legitimacy or approval from most Syrians. 
 At least I don’t support NYCFC, the New York Red Bull’s, San José Earthquakes or any other Zionist controlled team. 
 Well shit what is he saying?! Hahahahahaha. I’m missing a point! 
 Dear , Please immediately discard your iPhone. Hundreds of millions have Israeli chips. No more texting because SMS was developed in Israel. No 4G devices; the chipset is Israeli. Sincerely, A Zionist 
 scorched earth goal, lose. wins 
 That’s how Zionists justify the occupation when Abbas asks countries to pressure Israel: “Abbas won’t last a day without IDF” then why don’t u pull them all out and find out? The IDF is there to protect those precious messianic settlers. 
 Calling The Bulwark "conservative" is a bit like calling Stormfront "Zionist". 
 Just as well Australia missed the dead beat zionist trans human tech dead end it can enter the new 5th dimensional Quantum Infinite Potential Age unencumbered with an atavistic ego stage development and pioneer a New Earth see Eckhart Tolle for reference and Becoming Supernatural 
 Yes they have a legal right to return to Palestine (river to sea). Whether you like it or not. Whether this year or in <number> . Oh Zionist, every single Palestinian and their descendants know which town they come from. They will never forget. They will be back whether you like it 
 alt righters believe in the myth of white genocide, that white people are being bred out systemically due to the "Zionist"/"Jewish" agenda of perpetuating "cultural marxism" i.e. feminism, civil rights, gay rights, etc. 
 Major Robert Williams revealed in his book The Ultimate World Order that there's “A J3wish World Power hidden inside the Communist movement” and “it's the Anglo-Saxon who must be undermined, softened, brainwashed, made to breed with dark races if the Zionists are to win”. 
 Zionists are the new nazi's. 
 Were not many of its proponents jewish, many of whom were also Zionists? I think calling it cultural marxism is the cope, rather than pointing out jewish responsibility. 
 Zionist cowards the lot of them. A bad decision was made in <number> . 
 Zionism is powerful and those who speak out are left ridiculed by media and harrased out of office. Livingstone, Corbyn, Galloway all have a long history of fighting racism, but criticising Zionists. Livingstone as Mayor was suspended by a body which had no authority. Lol. 
 ** Here's yet another example of the horrific crimes carried out against by the imported illegal settlers of the regime. 
 the only conflation is you, not all Jews are Zionists and not all Zionists are Jews 
 Are you finally going to rid yourself of all the Talmudic Cabalist Zionist Satanic Supremacists and take back control of your country? 
 As a American Palestinian ... stop training with Israeli zionist police, they invented this way of choking people ... Palestinians have been suffering from their atrocities for <number> years ... we know better 
 Israel is a Zionist safe space. 
 Are we sure that Zionists in Europe did not have the power over Third Reich 
 I do not find it at all to hard believe that some people are Zionists. Nor do I believe you are all bots. I have never implied such. 
 Zionist? Plot thickens... 
 The country’s newly elected president seeks to maintain good relations with Washington as opposition to the Israeli-Palestinian scheme builds. The Tunisian leader, another servant of the . 
 What do you mean by “team Zionist in relation to Syria “? 
 If any of you were wondering why a certain Palestinian Internet personality apologized for his anti-Zionist rhetoric, Maleek has been a target of Canary Mission for a while. Notice how they retweeted his awful thread that suddenly aligns with all their views spineless 
 Amazing these figures when this was a serious period of Messianics with zero ties going to Israel. 
 When you are venting about "Zionists" and your "A" looks like Hitler....... 
 Zionist are no ones friend 
 Learn about the real intentions of Zionist . . . 
 I can assure you most actual left wing people are anti-zionists. And against China. And against all ethnostates, white black Asian or otherwise. But right wingers like to gesture in a vague direction that implies a hypocrisy that is not there. 
 Yes, he knows you photoshopped it just like how he knows Bernie Sanders is a zionist, communist, globalist, atheist, socialist capitalist, Rothschild puppet. Lol just take your L and go home, kid. 
 What do you think was the founder of Islam: Muslim or Islamist? 
 Trump is The False Light Idol to usher in the Zionist New World Order. “The New World Order Beast System, for the deceived QAnon sheep, still unseen, But it was all under Trump, The False Light Idol, this merciless monster able to convene.” 
 Don’t like him, he’s too much of a Zionist apologiser. 
 Idk that sounds like bending the knee to the foul system that capitalism honestly is, a satanic beast system run by zionist globalists. America wasnt ever great, it was just England changing uniforms. The Rev War/Civil War, all manipulated for a purpose, it's nothing new. 
 do we know who the enemy is .? Satan Satanist Freemasons Scientology Zionist Jesuits ???? just too name a few 
 If Not now is no different than JVP they are anti Zionist 
 I think you got taht Back the Front Zionist Israel is copying Nazi Terrorism on teh Palestinian People Zionist Fryberg is a Zionist ! If any party is Nazi its a Right Hep Liberal national party taht Nazi's ! Even the Jews Collaborated with Hitler Krupp Steel,Bayer,etc ! 
 WAKE UP FELLOW AMERICANS... The Zionists Own and Control Biden, Kamala, Trump, Congress and the Senate &amp; even Own and Control Local, State, &amp; National Politicians. Damn if you vote Biden and Kamala, and Damn if you do not. Irrespective, to sleep well at night VOTE ALTERNATE... 
 Nowadays, zionists know that better than ever, they will drown in their own racism and oppression result. The only ones who will come out of this storm proud, are the true Palestinians. But I do not think the destruction of Israel will cause a storm. 
 Maybe because he’s a Zionist and we’re not racist - seems to be the more likely scenario to non-racists. 
 Welll, they send COVID- <number> to destroy their (Italy) power, which occurred, so the Zionist can keep it for themselves and carry out their NWO agenda or so they hope . Life (the universe) is a balance, darkness cannot outshine light 
 we do not trust WHZ W= WOULD H= HEALTH Z= ZIONIST. 
 Thanks. Zionists fear me 
 MOST LIKELY PAID by George Soros Foundation!!..I hope Someone Catches that OLD ZIONIST TROLL!! 
 Framing Churchill shilling for Jews in a positive manner is to be expected because Gilbert was himself a Zionist Jew. What is far more interesting is some of the truths Gilbert inadvertently confirmed in the book by touting some of Churchill’s Zionist bona fides. 
 The indictment of JULIEN ASSANGE is based on JIBBERISH, a zionist approach to suicidal reality 
 You should not say you should have to stop debating it inside. Think about it. Not everyone is worshiping the President or Donald Trump or the Zionist propaganda. On, Grey Wolf ... Read the Book (next topic) 
 Orthodox jews and zionists make many claims, like all religious communities, and their claims are more rooted in superstition and religion than sound science. As Shirleen said, you can not break down DNA into religion. 
 The vast majority of Jews are Zionists. And Jews lead the Zionist movement, since obviously, it’s our movement. And given the fact that you are not Jewish, it is not your place to be the sole decider on Jewish issues, and call all Jews who disagree “antisemitic.” 
 What because you cannot answer his points? Zionist troll 
 Examples of Israeli Terrorisim....The notion Palestinians are the terrorists is lunacy. Next time a Zionist terrorist apoligizer says otherwise ask for proof and kindly ask them to fuc off back to hasbara shill school......... 
 Dersh did not report this sex trafficking, largely because he's covered by Zionist Jewish power brokers/others of great power in The Legal, The Corporate and the Federal govt. The wealthy are RARELY subject to Federal/State Laws that all the rest of us must follow. 
 Peterson is a zionist communist. He is a megaphone for the jewish supremacy 
 Do not cry, just follow link. Little tip: it's not a Zionist page 
 True physicians will heal the sick but Zionists will deny any Rx solutions from Palestinians. Gazans are routinely delayed or denied visas to get any type treatment . American " leadership" silently watch this atrocity occur. 
 Who will stop them? They are in Eurovision. Probably in NATO. And others. And all the leaders of these orgs are Zionists. 
 Many actually religious Jews aren’t even fond of Zionism at all. Majority of the huge Zionists Jews are irreligious Jews 
 Should be called the Zionist Times 
 ‘Christian Zionists’ Dictate the Agenda of the Republican Party 
 The point of the exercise is that this Canadian Green Party leadership candidate is willing to stand in front of the Zionist caterpillar to protect our freedoms. How do other Cdn leaders measure up? 
 Go wash ya moostache and take a nap...have visions of sugar plums and zionist cupcakes. 
 At least Milliband criticized Israel's treatment of Palestinians. Starmer is an establishment plant, a Tory and a Zionist. 
 I cant stand zionists 
 Is anyone paying attention? The OPCW has now been proven to be little more than a shill for Imperial War (not to mention the Scripal fiasco). The Atlano/Zionist Imperium cannot help lying, all the time. 
 hizb and zionist are working together on this one people 
 Weekly Update--Should healthcare be denied to 'racists'--Ron Paul Liberty Report: Well that would exclude all the better than the rest of us 'animal goy', self-proclaimed 'Chosen' ppl for real now huh? But that's just their (zionist/Talmudic) leadershit! 
 Maybe in secret, Taqiyya is <number> / <number> of your faith, also yes nowhere near Palestine like Daesh, the only group defendimg are Hamas who are sunnis, not your hezbulshaytan whos former leaders threatened to reveal their zionist ties nor the millitias who are in every other countries. 
 No there is no similarities. At the time of <number> ww jews escaped from Europe and come us and we also helped them. But later zionist lead them. In syria pkk pyd terorist attacks Christian and we also helped them. This is our culture. If somebody who is oppressed we help them. 
 zionist sympathizers like you have nothing to say about israel's constant attacks on palestinians, even during a pandemic. 
 Fox is a tool of Zionists.Those following this media menace do so at their own collective peril. 
 The one my dear. Completing the mission of the christ to reinstate the zionist instrumentality project and combat the luciferian death trap of the demiurge 
 Thank you to everyone who joined today's webinar with The can be seen on our website: We hope everyone continues to stay safe &amp; look forward to continuing to provide the American Zionist community with relevant content. Chag Sameach! 
 Fantastic; the ugly face of Israeli apartheid Zionist system can’t be masked forever. Human decency and justice will prevail at the end. Israel does not represent democratic fair and progressive Jews around the world. We demand justice for Palestinians! 
 This is an outrageous attempt by to dumb down the debate and Zionize it. should look at this Zionist . 
 It's either the Chinese virus, or the Zionist one.... still have not figured it out yet :P 
 The big MSM microphone belongs to the West ( US-UK-Zionist empire). 
 He must be thrilled with Sanders being backed by Linda Sarsour and other anti Semites/anti Zionists in the Democratic party. 
 Pro Zionists got offended? Do you know any pro Zionist Palestinians? Would that be none? Now go and ask yourself why and whether simply "being offended" is high on their day to day concerns rather land theft and their identities' deligitimised on a daily basis. 
 "..and most of us are the descendants of foreign workers who came to British Mandate of Palestine from the various Arab countries in the wake of the Zionist enterprise." - from 'Muslim Blood and Al Aqsa' by Bassam Tawil, Palestinian journalist &amp; author 
 Last point on this: This is why I personally find H*n M so repugnant. There are a lot of IDF shills out there spreading nonsense, but his whole project seems to be encouraging these tendencies in less cynical liberal Zionists. Everything he says seethes with this desperate need 
 Lol sisi is the dog of Israel and Trump, your military helps the zionists kill the palastineans and other arabs. Your whole military is paid for by the zionists to conto you confused arabs. 
 Keir starmer ''I support Zionism without qualification.” After Corbyn UK Labour elects Keir Starmer, Zionist, leader 
 E.g., we need to protect Jewish scholars from antisemitism and we also need to protect scholars who express anti-zionist sentiments from the erroneous charge of anti-semitism. 
 "The once relatively marginal impact of Christian Zionists in directly shaping US foreign policy, has morphed over the years – particularly during the Trump presidency – to define the core values of the Republican Party." 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 Imagine if a new socialist party could get those members who joined the Labour Party in massive numbers <number> yrs ago? It would sabotage all of the RW Zionist Labour party chances of winning another election, they would be destroyed as a party, the rats will leave the ship 
 Nick Clegg is a stunesh zionist 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : Hitler is probably in the ballpark. 
 CUFI, a Christian Zionist organization, pushes policies that directly harm all Palestinians, including Christian Palestinians. Speak out! 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : Strongly condemn arrest of photojournalist in .. India echoes everyday in different colou… 
 The sirens sounding in Yisrael this a.m. made me cry but it will NEVER happen again! 
 Antisemitic Antizionists: "Palestinians should be allowed to mock &amp;/or celebrate the death of Holocaust survivors." Zealot Zionists: "Hold my Goldstar lager... . . . Palestinians are Nazis." Just. Like. What? Why? Can not you all just burn some chametz in peace right now?? 
 Him or an other one...as long as the Governance sustains...nothing will change... 
 This is what they learn at the world Zionist Congress 
 Zionists are far more of a threat, if we ever get on the wrong side of them 
 We respect Holocaust memory more than all of you Zionists! 
 The Yazid of this time is The Zionist ,as long as it is not be destroyed, never there will not be peace in the world 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : Great observation &amp; looking forward to that day - Trump’s crash as was Hitler’s demise... 
 Most <number> / <number> "truth speakers" will get banned by, or get major interference, on social media. Zionist lobbies controls mass media in USA &amp; in other western nations like UK &amp; Australia. Rupert Murdoch &amp; News Corp, among other MSM controllers, own most of social &amp; main stream media. 
 SAY IT LOUD AND CLEAR ! The World has to know Who is ITS ENEMY !! Now, Imagine a World without The US ZIONIST CRIMINALS ! The United States: A “Destroyer Of Nations” via 
 The facist zionist use the media to silence opinion and the courts to silence journalists 
 and for those who want to accuse me of antisemitism for using “zionist” as a proxy for jews, i myself was an ardent zionist just from my environment- it’s not about our jewish population. <number> / <number> of the jews at my HS were either ambivalent or critical of israel. its the gen X/boomers 
 You cannot advocate for disability justice while being a zionist. Period. 
 The PM of "Israel" feels he needs only the approval of the U.S. to annex the West Bank. Any guesses why? Hint: the Zionist regime is purely an American ______. Starts with "p", rhymes with "muppet". 
 Featured on the program were Messianic Jews Steve and Jana Ben-Nun of Israeli News Live, who claimed that the transgender rights movement is a Zionist plot to make all of humanity androgynous. 
 But that would expose the Zionists. 
 Iraq forbade Jews from leaving the country. Other states were loath to see them leave. In some Arab states Mossad and Zionists groups moved to persuade Jews to emigrate to the new Israel, sometimes using violent means. 
 All can be sent openly. 
 Eliminating the Zionist regime doesn’t mean eliminating Jews. We aren’t against Jews. It means abolishing the imposed regime &amp; Muslim, Christian &amp; Jewish Palestinians choose their own govt &amp; expel thugs like Netanyahu. This is “Eliminating Israel” &amp; it will happen. 
 Thats Rasism? Are you a Zionist? 
 It is not a Jew Hatred, it is a Zionist massacre Same barbaric attitute in Israel toward Palestinians 
 Campaigners fear far-right defence of statues such as Winston Churchill's Far-right Zionist Tommy Robinson is among supporters of ‘defend our memorials’ event planned on <date> 
 He's a Jesuit, he's just owned by Zionists. Does he have Freemasonic ties, of course. Most Jesuits do. Its the way of the BEAST. The body works as one. 
 He’s blocked most of Irish twitter , I think he prefers Zionist child murderers tbh 
 Okay...more evidence Satanic promoting and Anti-God forces are behind ANTIFA &amp; BLM Riots...the Zionist Satanic Jesuit Global Bankers...Reason/Science (Bad Science) worshipers. Wow. This is the ultimate Sacrilegious &amp; the ultimate disrespect to God, our Creator. 
 Again all this easily googleable.The Yemenite children affair also comes to mind. Trying to deny Zionists-racism is just....wild. Middle eastern Jews have written extensively about it. Again google it. Or go on virtual Jewish library if you’re not bothered to read academic essays 
 That's because these Zionist psychopaths are behind ALL of it, everything bad is because of them. 
 Solidarity to . Being an anti-Zionist Jew in the Labour Party has been a painful experience over the past few years. To see good people thrown to the right-wing wolves by careerists at has been hard. But, showed solidarity. Thank you. 
 ... making it essential for the state, maintaining the restlessness and insecurity of the Jews of the entire world, from time to time "strangers" carry out anti-Semitic activities that keep alive the spirit of anti-Semitism and , ... 
 Welcome to the world school of Terrorism, hate and racism Those are the occupiers of Palestine Zionist who are some Arab wants to normalize relationships with 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : "Peace for our time" Neville Chamberlain was woefully naive when he handed the Sudetenland to Adolf Hitler assuming it would b… 
 The issues with BLM are deep ones, though. They go right back to the Panthers, the Weather Underground, NOI &amp; all that 60s radical shit. All of them Marxist/Maoist/Anti-Capitalist/Anti-Zionist. The current association with ANTIFA is just another echo of it. Likewise Farrakhan 
 I mean, it should be obvious that most of Israelis are Zionists, but it also should be obvious that it does not mean that most of them also support killing of babies &amp; other innocent civilians. 
 fanatic [illegal] settlers put on fire thousands of dunums belonging to in Om Alqaba, northern Valley. Crops and grazing lands burning, <date> . 
 and while not Jewish an important figurehead in Zionist twitter 
 What a loathsome, conniving pos is . is nothing but a means to keep ppl dumb n stupid, keeping them busy w/ portraying, projecting an idealized life in search of likes. While in reality they’re sharing every private aspect of their lives to be exploited. 
 USA is partner to zionists crimes against Palestinian people. 
 And in <number> the zionist movement was the movement to secure The Jews a nation-state which is an entirely reasonable goal and proven necessary not only <number> years later. What is not reasonable is that this state is secured at the cost of the Palestinian people. 
 It was another front that Britain had to fight. It was helpful to the Nazis that Zionists were killing the Britain in Palestine. 
 Urgent | Al-Sisi, commenting on the Zionist-Emirati agreement: I value the efforts of those in charge of this agreement in order to achieve prosperity and stability for our region Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi is a traitor to Arabism 
 I just do not understand why people do not like her. I personally believe the Zionists have most everyone brainwashed. If you did not see it last night I would not believe it but Tucker Carlson said Assad protected Christians! 
 It's easy. The US extracts itself from the middle east and let countriesl like Iran clean up the disasters we created. No one wants there anymore, except for the zionists. 
 zionist immigrants who came and with military support eventually forcibly removed and displaced the actual residents of palestine... like this is the thing you are terrified is going to happen but it is actually happening it's happening rn in palestine right now 
 He's been a freaking pawn for Zionist, the Clintons and the Democratic Party. He's mentally enslaved. Time for him to go!Everyone in the Black Caucus should be voted out of office. 
 That's a lie, Zionist groups like Lehi and the Irgun deliberately targeted civilians, just as the IDF sometimes do today. Zionists were terrorists before they had their own state. Lehi even murdered UN envoy Folke Bernadotte, just for proposing peace deal w/ <number> states 
 This is Dan "The Zionists" Arel, these days. 
 Whats REALLY happening -cycle of Terrorism: thugs shoot dead child, steal his body Wait for expected outrage from prisoners locked in who fire meagre fireworks in disgust takes opportunity to bomb , murdering civilians REPEAT 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : Nothing to do with Hitler at all. 
 Insofar as they are Persian Jews, is it really manipulation to use Persian branding? Was very bummed to learn they are Zionist regardless. Whole pantry done for. 
 The problam's offshore banking/money launderings between Zionists/Evangelics &amp; Wahhabics swindles the Globe as Peace!Such that Palestins (Canaanits) does not accept ur win billion $s via their blood while no any right in own land(Althought they are real owner the territory u stole) 
 One can acknowledge Israel's right to exist while also having criticisms of Zionist ideology. What type of Zionism are you referring to? <number> ) Jews need a place that's a sanctuary from antisemitism? (I sympathize with that) or <number> ) Israel belongs to Jews because religion says so? 
 Lol. He's giving away more land and American money to murdering Zionists! Next gonna annex the Temple mount and help rebuild the Temple for the antichrist abomination! He let Epstien pervs walk! And Palestine is not his to give away! 
 "Everyone knows that the Zionist Israel regime is a tool in the hands of the United States and British governments." 
 The problem is not the game, despite the fact it's a pretty solid, fun to play with you gang, online game The problem is the Zionist invasion of Palestinian lands, which slaughter, kill, torture and segregate million of people in small portions of land, as simple as <number> + <number> 
 I doubt it. He's been the most pro Zionist president since Truman. 
 Come on bro, do you really think that the Zionist cabal would let an actual outsider into their circle? Have you watched Out of Shadows yet? I get it man, I REALLY wanted to believe Trump was a good guy, but... Try this - think "what if I do not have all the facts"? 
 So you can not tell the difference btwn a corrupt Zionist govt &amp; a religion or are doing the intel game of trying to intimidate me from telling ppl about our govt allowing a foreign govt to be involved in our very own infrastructure w/o their knowledge. I am not intimidated 
 The “Zionist Virus” and the Future of Palestine 
 So &amp; all those other politicians / dud , who said they were are all are they? is akin to drawn from `s `Ubermensch` ideas relating to the `God is Dead` Age of Reason whereby the herd should SERVE of the Ubermensch- 
 Nothing to do with it being Zionist. But it’s about ideology corrupting scholarly opinion. Similar with scholars with Nazi ideology allowing it to influence his opinions on Judaism or Islamic extremists scholarship affecting scholarly opinions. Scholarship &amp; ideology don’t mix. 
 When you have footage of Illegal Zionist occupation soldiers spitting in Palestinian neighborhoods in hopes to spread the coronavirus it’s not “anti-Semitic conspiracy.” The video footage is all over Palestinian media sites. You can’t be the villain and the victim all at once. 
 Trump is betting on the pressure of the Zionist lobby, which asked him to speed up the announcement of the deal of the century and steal the Palestinian land. Trump will overcome the problem because of the influences of the influential racist lobby in various U.S. decision-making 
 The Atlantic is part of The Zionist midia..are not they? 
 Brother there is a big difference between Bani Israel and the Zionist occupation if Falasteen.. I.. 
 The Hidden History of - Chapter <number> - Zionism and the Jews The movement not only toward its victims (to which we shall return), but toward the themselves. 
 Assad and is very friendly to Roya, or he would not be in power. They wanted to depopulate Syria for and they did manage to do it. No other than Eli Cohen and Michel Alfaq founded the Army with his father . 
 another country. That's how much they cared abt victims of Holocaust. Zionist spies in British military were probably also perpetrators of the Farhud in Iraq, also to force Jewish migration. It's literally an ethno-state founded by white Ashkenazim. By def, white supremacists. 
 What an Israeli asset you really are, shame on you and them. The Zionist empire is a busted flush. 
 Definitely, because they can not deal with a Jewish member who's, gladly, not a zionist. 
 dying at the zionists and anti abortionists in her mentions thinking they are ~owning Ilhan by saying she does not care about fetuses or Israelis 
 And to most who use that word Zionist means Jew. 
 Not the only one who was taken to Hospital for checkups, only to wind up dead, healthy people pillaged for organs sold on the black market. Send thanks to 
 Been reading this book called The Invention Of The Jewish people by Schlomo Sand and it's not even a real nationality, just a religion(zionists have been trying to make it into a nationality). I will never look at rye bread the same. 
 Palestinian life under Zionist military occupation... What Palestinian nonviolent protesters have to face during protests... 
 I really have no idea what the labour party is trying to achieve. Does one have to be pro Zionist to fit in with the crowd or am i missing something 
 This is the freedom of the zionists. Live by their rules, in their cage and you can be free inside there. 
 "invited Zionists to colonize Palestine" ??? 
 Joe Biden says he is a proud Zionist via 
 Yes I love zionists, though you sure do not make it easy. Your friends are the biggest threat to Jews around the world. 
 Satan is a Zionist. That's their god! Next will be the antichrist! 
 ‘It’s evident my background qualifies me as an antisemite according to Labour coda based on flawed IHRA ‘definition’ of antisemitism, the weaponised version of Zionist propaganda aimed against supporters of human &amp; political rights of Palestinians.’ 
 It is true that most Jews had no prior connection to that land. Yet the zionists which came formed groups like Irgun Zwai Leumi to ethnically cleanse the Palestinian villages. Ethnic cleansing=Aggression, would not you agree? 
 Zionist far right? 
 This has always been the Zionist narrative !! 
 This would be alot more fun if they stopped playing victim worse than the zionists 
 I am aware, YAC is an anarchist. He supports regime change wars in MENA even knowing how Iraq/Libya ended. "Support the protestors (influenced by zionists) to kill (boogie man of the decade) cause he did (accusation based on false flag). He wants the world to burn. 
 love all Zionists please follow back 
 I am jewish and I have citizenship in "israel". I am anti-Zionist and I want what's best for Palestinians. there's no need to hate people groups, however I will hate the IDF WITH you and I will continue to fight for you. 
 Zionists implemented an excellent plan. Spent years in 20s/30s researching &amp; visiting villages to know who were leaders, who to take out first, and which to attack in what order. The plan worked really well. And other stuff happened. Result - 750k Palestinians left - fact. 
 “On <date> , Israel is set to begin the formal annexation of <percent> of the West Bank. Annexation is nothing new in occupied Palestine; the entire Zionist project has depended on land and resource theft, the displacement of indigenous Palestinians.” ... 
 Americans can see that Jews are standing up to your zionist/noahide supremacism (even as you call us crazy for pointing it out). This will actually save the Jews in the USA. 
 this and he's a zionist yikes! 
 Wrong kind, they are not Zionist so they do not matter. 
 American policies? European policies? You are not talking about the policies that are written in Tel-Aviv are you? Zionist bankers stranglehold over America is all over the world! 
 Firstly, you can hate MTV all you want, but the reason they were banned wasn’t for zionist sympathies or fake news or whatever, it was for offending Aoun. 
 You mean when fakhoury was released the same day an american was released in iran cause it was all just coincidental timing Hezeb does not control the government at all It's all zionist agents Bro w3ou ba2a El 7koume lon wa7ad ma ba2a fi 7ada tenteko tdelo 3le w t2oulo <time> il 
 Everyone commenting is either Jewish and Zionist, or non-Jewish and anti-Zionist. Zionist Christians aren’t really active in most Zionist communities. 
 Ongoing microwave attacks by the Zionist targeting my chest as a result of which my blood pressure elevates to a sweating level here inside my dormitory 
 Antifa and it's paymaster, Soros share the same objective: Burn Syria, burn anyone and anything standing in the way of the Zionist entity's intended expansion to the Syrian Euphrates, the eastern border of Greater Israel 
 Zionist neocons absolutely indistinguishable from antisemitic psy-op caricatures of Jews. How is this possible. 
 When was last time a Jew was expelled from anywhere post ' <number> ? Some <number> million Arabs were expelled <number> by Zionist Jews. Only <number> million in the Prison camp of Gaza today. It's a Zionist myth that Jews are so under attack they must evict &amp; kill Palestinians <number> a place to live 
 We saw a creature were describing himself an atheist in his top days how changed the skin directly &amp; rapidly to a Priest while holding the Bible in pressed time! (Pressed between Zionists &amp; Evangelics- btw The chameleons are not fast and skilful like how he is) Pity US! 
 "landlord" is the new "zionist" or "neoliberal" - it has no meaning beyond "person a DSA member does not like" 
 Yes Achi 
 That's very nice of them. 
 Zionists rule. Full stop. 
 On the other hand, the real chief of the Zionist Cabal, Benji Netanyahu, is the longest serving PM and only PM who is serving while under indictment for <number> corruption cases (4th on the way) &amp; is responsible for destroying the chance of viable two state. who’s the terrorist again? 
 Don’t think that this dude is capable of learning Polish. To me, he is an indoctrinated Zionist moron. Does anyone know that he indeed works for the DoJ? I’d hate to see that as an American tax payers, we contribute to his salary. :( 
 Sorry I meant achla 
 Because he was a human and beasts dont like humans! Zionists are 70years continuing the job of And sone fuck in the like will sit in there churches sing with there bloody mouth about Jesus 
 When are people gonna understand there’s a difference between a jew, an israeli, and a fucking zionist!? 
 USA and Germany are tools in the hands of the zionists in addition to Britain and France. 
 anyways fvck all the zionists in the replies. yall see this? it doesnt exist. stream the only fancam ever 
 Of course it is. You are in the minority here, bud...this is not a burning issue for any non-Zionist Jew (and it's not an issue for many zionists, either). You figure out yet where to put the Holy of Holies, and the right way to measure cubits? 
 Well dang son, do not you know Partisangirl called me a Zionist? Let us go form a Zionist fanclub 
 Digitally, yes, but event wise, around the world, ultra-Zionist organisations have worked to ensure events are cancelled, which means money lost, but worse, people not hearing the information, which is the most important thing. 
 Selfish betraying for vested interests to bow at/kiss rogue hands of mossad mercenaries/convicted murderers/occupiers of nuclear apartheid zionist regime <number> / <number> invading GH/WB/Gaza over <number> lines by idf thugs. 
 As a Zionist, I call this city home. 
 Meanwhile back in Blighty, Labour leader wannabes jump to the Fascist Zionist tune. 
 That has not been my experience in Germany, France, or Spain. OTOH, many US liberals equate Jewish with Zionist, anti-Palestinian. I love that EU cares about gun control, environment, internet privacy, GMOs, freedom from religion, etc. I am sick of US violence, racism &amp; bigotry 
 Zionist Schumer goes all in for abortion. 
 When the person I’m talking to follows Zionists and neo fascists like Owens, Shapiro and Crowder. I know way more than I need to know. 
 PASSION ZIONIST PUPPITS OF ISREALI ZIONISTS PRIME MINISTERS PRESIDENTS OF <percent> COUNTRIES ON PLANET THINK N DREAM TO DIVID N DESTROY SOUTH ASIA THIS CENTURY BELONGS TO SOUTH ASIA MANY SAINT OF HIGH SPIRTUAL RANKS PREDICTED IN 1970S USSR WILL B ON THE MAP AFTER WW3 
 An extremely vile, racist article in the liberal outlet claims: 'For Blacks (sic) in NY, “Jewish money” is the source of their problems - and justification for actions against Jews" by 
 .The fact that your argument shifts fr IL To DNA to “ALL” “Palestinian” land &amp; back when we defeat your arguments shows U HAVE no arguments Yr SOLE motive is to delegitimization Israel FAIL!! 
 Until <number> , Christians in Irak lived free and in harmony with both Sunni and Shia Muslims (Who are in the majority in Irak, almost as much as in Iran). even Saddam protected Christians and took them into his government. Everything changed with the arrival of the Zionist-Salafists 
 I think who knows little or nothing about the Inquisition is you. The only thing you probably know about it, it's from the Zionist History Channel 
 Black men can’t be in prison and home at the same time. They’re is also the hidden agenda of the Zionists controlled music business which perpetuates gangsterism by saturating the airwaves with ghettoistic covert and overt messages as well as Drugs and the effects of them. 
 Also I stand corrected on this tweet. We want jews not Zionists. They’re cancer 
 " were always in the land they supposedly returned to only after <number> years of absence as a result of the project. Travelers to the area over many centuries agree: the land was desolate and largely depopulated" The Palestinian Delusion 
 someone made a thread on why h’arry is a zionist and showed clips of him being pro-isreal, then the person who made it came out and said it was fake and i honestly dont know what to believe because it seems so out of character for him to be a zionist but 
 zionist U.S. imposed Sanctions on Syria are killing the innocent Syrian People 
 You are welcome. It seems that Israel wasn't created as safe haven for Jews, but as a Zionist globalist's headquarters now promoting PNAC NWO globalism Trotskyite global revolution has morphed. Same players exploiting different empires 
 so that's probably giving zionists in <number> waaay too much credit 
 I think that you can divide the Zionist settlement movement into two big phases: The first aliya- by the late 19th century, the herzlian Zionism, largely dependent on foreign money. self-depicted settler colonists, moving to Palestine to help expand imperial hegemony, Their 
 why we must uphold Sec44 of our Constitution and expel the Zionists from our Parliament...the warmongers are wholly disqualified being subject to the Israeli Law of Olah.. Dual Citizens .. perfect example of why there is a Section <number> in our Constitution 
 Can people stop calling Ritchie Torres (NY15) progressive? He is corporate funded pro-AIPAC zionist democrat who has zero regard for Palestinian human rights. Person who disregards rights of the oppressed should NEVER be labelled "progressive". 
 you can dislike a person for being zionist, racist, homophobic, etc-- but to sort Jews into Good and Bad for ease of who to support or trust is ignoring that ALL JEWS are subject to anti-semitic violence. 
 <number> Palestinians were displaced by Zionists in <number> . 
 It is good that Jewish Holocaust survivors at standing up &amp; opposing the extreme racism of the Zionist Apartheid regime. Zionism is the diametric opposite of Judaism 
 You took us white converts off the list? Is it our mutual dislike of Zionists? 
 Netanyahu is not the only Zionist warmonger in Israel. Why do people talk as if he's the source of all evil? Zionism existed long before him - in a very virulent form - and not just Likud either. The Clintons, Obama et al lackeyed just as much to Israel as DJT does -if not more. 
 Its a matter of political correctness. Some Jewish people identify as Zionist as part of who they are because they genuinely believe some people want to destroy Israel. I am well well aware that Israel is the aggressor punching down. But this language does not consider real fears 
 Hmmm! Looking at your bio, , I see what really troubles you about . You are a Zionist who apparently has no trouble with supporting the brutal occupation of Palestine by the Israeli apartheid regime even when the IDF guns down unarmed protestors. 
 More ignorant rubbish. Zionists come from more than <number> countries including India, Ethiopia, Yemen &amp; all the Arab countries. The majority in Israel ( <percent> ) are from outside Europe. 
 I’d postulate that most of those people don’t actually read their bible, and if they do, not to understand it. The people you’re referring to are Zionist Christians. They read to confirm what they’ve been told by Jesuit, Freemasonry or Wiccan-influenced pastors and churches. 
 Wrong. So are Jews who are anti-zionist also anti-Semites? No, because that's ridiculous. Perhaps if Netanyahu did not have such a boner for the West Bank and killing Palestine's kids, people might view the Israeli government differently 
 Tactics learned from Zionist "security" thugs. 
 Opinion - Virginia Goes Zionist 
 But say anything about the zionists and its anti-semite fu*k them all 
 The anti-racism fighting should continue untill the US Senate, the WH, the Suprem Court etc. be diversified which are disproportionately ruled by racist R-D Zionist Jews&amp;White Supremacists. GOP senator blocks bill to remove Confederate statues from Capitol 
 It’s my company’s list, so that would be a bit awkward. Lol. Our company wanted to elevate voices we think are building up zionist communities online. 
 I’d be a Zionist even if I weren’t Jewish. 
 zionists singing and the world will live as one seems pretty ironic to me 
 settlers assaulted a women and a child on the street of , the worst part is that the israeli soldiers stood by and did not arrest or interrogate the israeli settlers or even tried to stop them 
 He wasn't criticizing Habo, he was criticizing uncritical Zionists 
 That’s not true at all the Zionist state systematically kills Palestinians and it embedded in a racist idealogy that believes they have an authority from god to do so 
 serious note, the dogmatic antiimperialism some "socialists" exhibit repeatedly is a hop skip &amp; a jump away from blatant antisemitism. theres a reason some nazis would say that all goyish socialists need to do is get "J-pilled". The issue is capitalism, not some "zionist kabal" 
 There’s a difference between an anti Semit and anti Zionist. Educate your self before making ignorant remarks. 
 When you killed the terrorist Soleimani, we were the ones who mediated with Trump not to ignite the war ... and if you went into a war, know that it’s because of the pressure of the Zionist lobby to preserve the existence of Israel not for us 
 I wish the 'Christians' Zionists who love Israel and Jews so much would understand this. They will not, because they are brainwashed. 
 A mask just for Zionist Cucks 
 y’all are out here following a zionist?? 
 It is uncontroversial to call this “ethnic cleansing.” Even Zionist historians (Benny Morris) admit the horror of <number> , as critical Israeli scholars (Ilan Pappe) have for years. Patrick Wolfe compared the Zionist conquest to the settler colonialisms of Canada or Australia. ( <number> ) 
 " in the World Zionist Congress surged on the first day ballots were open." 
 I wonder if Zionists are trying to facilitate a reactionary backlash against immigrants that emulates Israel’s treatment of Palestinians 
 He’s the messenger. Several. Among the best. "most influential journalist/blogger on matters related to Israel," "one of most incisive, respected foreign policy journalists around." Described by critics as neoconservative, a liberal,a Zionist &amp; a critic of Israel - reptd by Wiki. 
 If you anti zionist they claim you are anti semitic. what bullshit. 
 This has reverse zionist brainworms, he thinks Palestinians are the protagonists of history 
 Joe Lieberman has always been a Zionist loving Republican! Unfortunately, most establishment Dems support Zionism: apartheid and genocide of Palestinians. 
 Indirectly...no. This guy is a paid up zionist shill. Enjoy your rewards fella, see how long your own family survives when everyone has a level playing field. 
 Spain has called on Israel to stop the construction of new settlements in the Palestinian territories under Zionist occupation. 
 To help is to try your best to end the Zionist exestence on the land of Palestine 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : Here’s Sanders full article on George Wallace that dug up last year. He compares Wallace to Hitler. 
 No, unlike you, I respect all religions. You obviously are a racist towards Palestinians and an Islamophobe towards Muslims. You are also not informed on your history. You cannot discuss this event if you completely turn a blind eye on the actions of Zionist officers towards them 
 zionist scum 
 Ivanka married to Israeli Zionist Jew USA citizen and she converted to his Zionists ideology. 
 Truth behind <number> / <number> will annihilate Israel - Truth behind <number> / <number> will annihilate Israel A US Marine Corps veteran and author asserts that Israel masterminded the <number> / <number> attacks, ... if Americans were informed of this, they would exterminate the Zionist regime. 
 So if you’re not with Trump you’re with the Zionist Pedofile D’s? How’s that working out for ya 
 The zionist fascist regime could have made ventilators and masks instead of walls and nuclear bombs. 
 The US govt has been playing u for a fool your whole existence. Give <money> million plus a day to their masters, Israel, all while some <number> million in US no health care, many ppl homeless, many military that Zionists use to fight their battles, while they sit in the glass houses. 
 IDF carry throw away knifes , claim all sorts if fabricated storys until they get caught on video, That’s exactly why the Zionist is Railey government has imposed <number> to <number> year prison term for anyone filming the I0F Bad For their morale isreahell claims. Bad for getting caught 
 Israel is getting billions of dollars from the US tax payers every year! US government is full of zionist dual-citizens and "lobby groups" aka Israeli spy organizations like AIPAC, ZOA, ADL etc. I think American people should register them as foreign agents. 
 SO IS. THE WORLD THAT DESIRES TO LIVE FREE AND IN PEACE, THE IMPERIALISTS AND ZIONIST WILL NEVER SUPPORT 
 Christian before English. England is a Christian nation. That is its identity. Its greatest enemies today are Islamists and Zionists (and their puppets/useful idiots like “Tommy Robinson”) - the greatest enemies of any Christian nation. Only one has this crystal clear. Poland 
 Lol people are getting all emotional when I was stating the fact about the zionist (may the curse of Allah be upon them), and thosr tabligh, it was suppose to get us the muslim to wake up even more to the affairs, be intelligent . Anyway, numbers doesn’t mean anything in islam. 
 Except in that very tweet, I wrote that I was talking about conflating Zionists with meaning jews. and it was in response to you talking about Conflating Zionists with jews. you are either just backtracking or you are not Bright enough to follow the context of the Debate 
 <number> ) because, fortunately, most Palestinians have mobile 'phones and are good at sending footage of atrocities to the small media organisations, which of course never gets shown on the MSM. But, until Zionists succeed in censoring it, we do have social media as an outlet. UK Govt.. 
 HARRY STYLES IS A ZIONIST 
 For peace to be possible there needs to be fresh minded leadership on both sides. And for the American Zionists to keep their beak out. 
 () is a holy city for all . may not limit its access to the only, and restrict its visit for the followers of other religions. 
 He takes his orders from the openly right wing zionist Board of Deputies. Do your homework. I am a front-line worker and I have got to sleep now. May resume tomorrow 
 The more insecure the Middle East, the more secure Israel is. If Muslims are fighting ISIS and terrorism, they will no longer be able to fight the Zionist regime. So, one hundred percent US has created ISIS and Iran is paying a heavy price to destroy it. 
 There are liberal Zionists and conservative Zionists and Zionists who want a two state solution and Zionists who want arab expulsion. When you generically attack “Zionists” you are insulting the vast majority of Jews. 
 I would think most progressive Zionists agree that there are, or else they would not notice any tension between their American progressive values and Zionism. The point I was trying to make is that we should not be reflexively opposed to activists making parallels. 
 Saudi Arabia paid for Obama's Degree. BO is a Muslim. Definitely anti-Israel. Israel is being saved for last (by Trump etc). It was created by Zionists and Khazarians. It's an evil state. Keep your enemies close. They will pay. 
 jared is a long time family friend of netanyahu. he is also a radical zionist. keeping our govt chaotic is good for our enemies. maybe jared's there to stir the pot? because bibi is NOT our friend. 
 I am tired of this. The man is a who supported the genocidal attack of against in <number> ! 
 LET ME SAY IT PLAIN: Zionists, Neo-Cons, demons, and fellow-travelers in the USA, Israel, and are responsible for the <number> ATTACKS, according to in-depth reporting by Christopher Bollyn. 
 Its Not You Land to Give away Psycopath Trump or Yours Zionist Nazi Corrupt Netanyahu ! 
 The Zionists mistakenly seem to think that they will escape the effects of the 2nd Coming (beginning in <number> ). It just goes to show how ant-Christ &amp; non-Jewish they are. 
 In other words Zionists should snort up all the grass on our country clubs, and if we prefer to be with our own kind, suddenly we are "anti-Semitic?" Sorry, Zionists, but "goys" are waking up and realizing that and Palestine belongs to Muslim Palestinians only. 
 Talking about myself and only myself.Judaism is a religion and every religion should be respected. But Zionists and Israel are not.They are murderers. Colonisers and the most shameless ppl I have met after whites. So when I talk bad about israel that is not against Judaism but israel 
 Filter Jesuit-'J's' fake, Zionist anti-Semitism. ('Levi' also means 'Baphomet'.) Masons are crazy. FAKE NAMES AND FAMILIAR FACES. '“PBS“ Perverts Broadcasting Stories' (IMO, includes a child-dummy.) They love dummies: of every kind. Do not be <number> . ALL trans: 
 No, I am a Zionist. I believe that both Jews and Palestinians deserve to live in their homelands. 
 I am not opposed to Israel’s right to exist. They attack her for not being an anti-Zionist...none of that detracts from the facts she posited in her letter...Just my <number> cents FWIW. 
 I love for really tweeting out these truths but it's especially hilarious bc I am over here calling a mega entertainment company cowards for not following thru Anyway read Mar's tweet thread on why you all should not throw around "Zionist" + "Harry Styles" so freely 
 Where do you get this shit from. This is literally the opposite of the truth. Nearly all Zionist leaders were secular or (very) reformed. In fact, when Israel was founded, there were only a few hundred Orthodox Jews in the entire country. 
 To resistance against terrorist Zionist state is not called terrorism, it is called Intifada. 
 The zionist state weaponized antisemitism in the 20th century and they had a deliberate role in increasing it and making it grow 
 Actually this is the true face of these Zionist terrorists 
 Zionist power before WW1 ? WTAF are people that stupid 
 When anti-Zionists Tweet from Israel...LOL. 
 Sick speech on Al-Jazeera Arabic. How can you talk about "Israel" security while it is the occupier and it is the one that demolishes Palestinian homes and builds cancerous settlements and applying Apartheid policies!! We should all talk about Palestinians security, not Zionists. 
 In your dreams Zionist 
 Zionist Frontiers: David Ben-Gurion, Labor Zionism, and transnational circulations of settler development 
 There was. Zionism started toward the end of 19th C as a reaction to a backlash v. a huge US influx of Jews during that time period. It was started by traditional Christians--what has morphed into evangelicalism. The evangelicals are more powerful Zionist lobby than the Jews. 
 and when a zionist gets s worded for having a non existent location then what 
 Hahahahaha... Anti Semitism card. That's the weapon of the Zionists to silence any criticism towards Israel 
 Hey, you may find one. Just go to BtSelem recruits. You will do us a favour and keep her out of spreading terrorist propaganda. Take her to Iraq where she will realize the trash she's promoting. She will come back a Zionist in no time! 
 Not really sure at this point how many need to die to suit their Satanic plans. The are not that bright. 
 What I see Zionists saying is You can not be Jewish and White. All Jews are of Middle Eastern ancestry. Neither of those ideas are correct. Posting photos of White Jews who are not Middle Eastern does not make me racist. It's just the opposite. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : Shame on all of you, Trump &amp; Rebubs are destroying our democracy, they took kids from their parent… 
 I’m going to have to write an article on this subject. I don’t think people understand its significance. This debunks the Zionist fabricated claim to Palestine! As I’ve said before, knowledge of Ethiopian history is critical in countering the European Zionist claim of Palestine. 
 Could not find the homophobe friend stuff (tho I do not doubt it). Did find the zionist movie. So I guess you are correct 
 We love you dear . This is a part of our holly Quran. The biggest God's enemy is regim and the biggest Satan is USA regim. God's enemy is our enemy. 
 May Allah be with every righteous person who is fighting a battle against Zionists. 
 In Palestine in <number> that Perfidious Albion that is Britain rode, once again, this time a prominent British Gov't Engineer arranged an "inside job" escape from a British prison of <number> + Zionist Terrorists: or marauding Freedom Fighters ..... take your pick! 
 Nazi nationalism is the same as Zionist nationalism but zionist are infinitely hypocritical 
 Styx666Official, All politicians are contaminated i.e they only maintain the status quo which since <number> is Zionist power. 
 It's probably a book the Zionist made 
 what’s a zionist ? 
 I guess I’ll say it again , there’s nothing wrong with being Jewish and there’s nothing wrong with your family originating from Israel. HOWEVER, being a Zionist, joining the IDF or sharing the same ideology as the IDF turns you into a subhuman not worthy of existence. 
 they’re referring to h but he’s not a zionist lol he was just nice to israeli fans which he should be because they’re not the government and deserve to be treated with kindness like the rest of us but everyone took it out of proportion and started demonizing him 
 Nina, after watching Israeli dual-citizen “Americans” become Zionist fifth columnists within our nation promoting Netanyahu/Likud ‘Israel First’ policies which do ZIP for real ‘Americans’ and our nation as a whole, I can understand Putin doing this. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : Yes, Morrison has in effect suspended Parliament- just like Hitler did but without the declaration 
 After Iranian Leaders Incite 'Jihad Against Zionists,' US Lawmakers Demand Twitter Ban | United with Israel 
 Yes she is, she hates Ilhan omar for being black and a muslim and Dalia is not a Muslim she is a imposter and a Zionist who hates CAIR organisation 
 The Zionists and the genocide of Palestinians, fully aided by the British government and United States Congress. 
 The Arab world should have united long ago to support Palestine and block the Zionists. Instead they selfishly looked after their own interests and let this happen. 
 LMFAO Varg Vikernes the zionist? What kind of comedy group are you running here? 
 Today on TruNews we discuss the attempt to warn America against infiltration by zionist terrorism by World War <number> hero and renowned genius Albert Einstein. (cont &gt;&gt;) 
 Corbyn is not anti-Semitic. He wants basic Palestinian human rights. Just like these Jews, that are also against Zionist aggression &amp; also want Palestinian human rights. Or are these Jews also anti-Semetic? Is everyone anti-Semitic, if they do not agree with Israeli violence. 
 Facts bruv. He is a Zionist puppet. Full scale propaganda agent 
 Imagine getting hyped over a Zionist. Couldn’t be me 
 - Zionists say their Jewish states were there for <number> + years only .. - Whilst the land and it’s people have been there for <number> years ️ =Only <number> + years in <number> years!= .. BUT ZIONISTS WANT TO CLAIM THE LAND FOR THEMSELVES .. Zionists are mad 
 not y’all b*s stans trying to cancel Harry bc he’s a “zionist” again pls y’all are so embarrassing 
 Also in Israel, confrontation between Orthodox jews and Zionist regime do occur oftenly. Israel had been created in name of Jews but Khazars/Ashkenazis are ruling it. And we all know Ashkenazis are driven by zionism, a system unwelcomed by remaining followers of Judaism. 
 "I have personal relationship with Palestinians, who btw, are subhumans and not humans who should have rights." How Zionists see I remember many of my teachers telling me "Palestinians are not Humans" Zionists are ruining a beautiful religion which teaches love &amp; compassion 
 The Democrats went against Israel by supporting the Iran Deal (JCPOA) Sheldon Adelson,Benjamin Netanyahu, and many other prominent Zionist were not to happy. 
 I JUST FOUND OUT ZAYN HAD TWO ALBUMS IM SO???? why is no one talking about his fine ass dropping music i hate this so much. stop supporting that zionist and listen to zayn rn 
 All polls are fixed by agents of imperialism, fiddled by the CIA, written by Mossad,come from neoliberal EU Zionists , a result of Blairite Guardian editorials,ignore "contextualisation",exhibit lib-met-elite bias and deny Left Behind areas. Yanks out of Vietnam .now!! 
 The media and politicians weaponized race. Soros funds 9News and also funds BLM. The cultural Marxists encouraged open borders and the Anglo-Zionist created refugees with wars. Now it is not OK to be white and European race is openly attacked.Hegelian dialectic 
 Haha zionist. Here buddy. Choke on it. 
 Iconic images of thousands of Israelis in Tel Aviv during their "Crime Minister" protest against the corruption of Zionist PM Benjamin Netanyahu. 
 Breaking news: the cabinet has decided to lock themselves in a cupboard and hold their breath until somebody agrees to play with them, especially if it means they can claim the brain damage it caused them is solely the fault of the zionist entity, as defined by experts in Teheran 
 my phases of using Twitter: <number> ) upon discovering word limit in twitter, you start posting quotes and “how was your day” tweets <number> ) “discussions with Zionists” phase <number> ) politics and other types of crack now, it’s all of the above combined, plus memes, ofc. 
 As for AIPAC, it was a joke relating to her "fake close friend" story. However what makes the AIPAC event of note is the fact that AIPAC's annual zionist prom/foreign influence operation in the US—was among the first known vectors for COVID19 transmission in the U.S. 
 if ur an isre*li, you’re still a zionist habibi.. not that hard to comprehend .. you can’t find anything else so u use that to invalidate what was said. 
 Chaim Solomon was the financier for the <number> American Revolution and was a non Zionist. 
 What do you think a Zionist is 
 So MLK wouldn’t have supported these Zionist soldiers? 
 you look like the zionists that try to shame LGBT people for wanting a liberated Palestine. literally what does that have to do with anything 
 The zionist puppet get afraid just by a shout; Stopp of joking Trump, take care of your nation. 
 Scary group: “Patriot Front supports white supremacy, antisemitism, fascism, and a white supremacist version of American nationalism. It also promotes the Zionist Occupied Government conspiracy. “ 
 The Zionists are pushing the world to war. Time for you to speak out. 
 as u folks have heard me share the truth before, Saudis are not muslims, and zionists/atheists of israel are not jews either... WAKE UP.... 
 I think you know the answer Dave.He is a Zionist LFI. Thats it.Israel First! In a UK political Party?It's all about Israel? Who in their right mind wants to be a member of that Party?Not me! 
 You have a million dollars cash just lying around? Daughters of Israeli superspies and girlfriends of Zionist honey trap blackmail operations do. 
 This is funny what's not funny is their getting into bed with ultra zionists satanic death cultists in their literal mis interpretation of the Bible, (it was written allegorically) to advance Armegeddons Apocalypse and false messiah this means war if they prevail, things bad enuf 
 Iranian Regime Blames Coronavirus On Antisemetic "Zionist Conspiracy": Iranian Regime Blames Coronavirus On Antisemetic "Zionist Conspiracy" As the Iranian regime struggles to maintain its legitimacy following one of the most challenging quarters in its… 
 That is not your ancestral land; Ashkenazi homeland is in the town/city of Ashkenaz in Turkey. The name itself shouts the location of the hometown. You want hometown, I dare you fight Turkey; oh wait, I forgot, you Zionists do not have ball to fight Turks! 
 On <date> Anti-Zionist Jew arrested in Israel because he hung a Palestinian flag on the streets in Jerusalem. 
 Indeed, please, read it complete" At that time, many leftist Zionists rejected the idea of establishing a Jewish nation-state and promoted Jewish-Arab cooperation.[ <number> ][ <number> ]" 
 guys help i ended up on zionist twitter and i hate it here 
 The zionist occupation in palestine in collaboration with their clowns in the western hemisphere like the "Friends of this zionist state" want to let people link the year <number> to a year <number> years ago and forget what is between. 
 Evil, evil Zionist Israel. Oh God what a mess that anyone professing religious purity of whatever belief, can view such suffering and can still sleep. 
 The israel regime has broken all rules of human conduct. Yet it still holds its position on the world stage and has the full support of all western countries. Either they’re all in on it or the Zionists are extorting them, either by financial means or historic ones. (Germany) 
 i like his music but his stans need to acknowledge the fact that he’s a zionist... you know they’d cancel anyone but him and it’s gross 
 Interesting bit of history very few know about: starting in <number> , Hitler coordinated with Zionist German Jews to help ~60k German Jews peacefully emigrate to Palestine via the Havaara Agreement. The <number> year program only ended when WW2 broke out: 
 why are you following and reposting right-wing Zionist accounts? 
 Name the Zionist creep? 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : The Holocaust survivors are hitting me really hard… These people survived Hitler and God knows what else only to fall in the e… 
 Twitter is wild. I just explored for a bit and stumbled across a thread of why Harry styles isn’t a zionist 
 zionist pigs 
 NIMMO: David Wurmser and Trump’s Zionist Occupied Brain : 
 Probably the same as some of the far left on this side of Europe. Zionist globalism. 
 Once again, Turks, not Arabs, ruled Palestine until defeated in WWI. Then, the Brits took over. Then, the Zionists. There has been no time that Palestinians were equal citizens. 
 The 'Yellow Vest Movement' (Mouvement Des Gilets Jaunes) The "heros" rising and standing up against the greater israel agenda, western government and media propaganda and the Zionist agenda the brutal power that be, the Super State 'United Nations'. 
 The refugees were confident their absence would not last long, and that they would return in a week or two,"Monsignor George Hakim, a Greek Orthodox Catholic Bishop of Galilee told a Beirut newspaper. "Their leaders had promised them that the Arab Armies would crush the Zionist-&gt; 
 Can Zionists please stop hacking my account please. 
 I guess they’ll soon be cool with black only water fountains. 
 I hope all the right wing zionists know Israel has single payer healthcare, free college, and free abortions 
 Can not trust a self confessed Zionist Can not vote for a self confessed Zionist....Labour Party needs a leader that puts Britains first... 
 I think we Zionists are their target audience. I never see anyone else engage with them. By responding, we are retweeting their message anyway since it's there by just clicking on the the reply. It's a Jew-hating cult. I do not see any reason to play their games. 
 Journalism? Anti-progressive agitation? Zionist grievance industry PR? 
 this is a FAKE PROFILE. ITS AN ACCOUNT WITH FALSE IDENTITY. BELONGS TO AN ISRAELI ZIONIST. 
 My stand against injustice is to oppose the gross injustices the Palestinians suffer at Israeli hands and to freely criticize Israel and the Zionist groups that support Israel. 
 Sad when anyone dies. But glorifying this man's life is tasteless. Do you know about the appalling acts of terrorism committed by the Irgun? And BTW, after arriving in the Zionists' "Jewish state", why leave and live in the USA? 
 Israel is a cancer gland for the world. The Zionist child-killing regime must end ... 
 She can sing but ain’t she a Zionist or whateva? La La Land was my shit. Sonny With A Chance was a good show. 
 's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more. 
 By the way, ur also a Fraud. CIA tool as indicated by the support of you, by many in that organization. Not withstanding, your "Naval Intel" job, ur work at McKinsey, everything abt you smells Deep State Zionist. U were used by DNC early states, now rendered useless. U know that. 
 It’s like great something good or great 
 how bout them radicalized "zionists", would you say that? 
 NZ should have no part of wars for Zionist USA. 
 Zionists are just people who can’t contain their horniness for Israeli people. We get it they’re hot! 
 This is for the Evangelical vote, For them that are Zionists this is a happy day for them. A lot of the Rabbis of the altar Orthodox wing of Israel are saying that the Messiah is here. The peace deal is the pave the way for the building of the Third Temple. 
 "Solely" The point is he had his own tribal commitments but the CIA had their owns strategic interests and so does the State. All these things influence eachother but if you try to isolate one, your understanding of Zionist empire is incomplete. 
 trying to look at tyler joseph being a stupid bastard and i see someone calling harry styles a zionist in the replies what is going on here 
 He is the epitome of Zionist filth 
 What does that have with what I said? You are dead wrong if you think Lebanese-Israeli conflict started in <number> . It's not an issue of who attacked first. We cannot co-exist, the establishment of a zionist racist country cannot live with the establishment of Lebanon. 
 always about money&amp;greed between those toxic oil pushers/zionists/atheists.....unreal....this pipeline could poison the rest of this earth...but do they CARE? obviously not..... oil is not even needed....way better non toxic tech 
 I am voting for Richard Burgon to carry on Jeremy's vision of socialism and defend our party from the Blairites and Zionists. 
 The report full of lies &amp; misinfo. Christians at most are <percent> of the population in Egypt. There's no kidnapping of girls to force them on conversion, it's a Western-Zionist propaganda, along with their terrorist attacks to cause instability &amp; foreign intervention. In their dreams. 
 Sorry not Jews but the Zionists already doing it to puppets Kurds like your type. 
 Not in the Jewish community as they will never allow such racist comment, but as a Zionist, indeed he is one. I wished he loved America as much as he does for Israel though and stop milking American tax &amp;&amp;&amp; to subsidize Israel at the expense of other states. 
 Ok <number> . That does not change the fact that Eli Wiesel was a Zionist who supported Netanyahu and Omar's appropriation is absolute hypocrisy. 
 Before ‘ <number> ‘Palestinian’ used to refer mostly to Zionist Jews. Arabs preferred to be called Arabs as they identified as part of the ‘Arab Nation’. 
 You cannot argue with racist Zionist apologists. Theirs is a religion in which Palestinians are a cancer to be cut out and destroyed. Their conviction is absolute. I never waste my time trying to convince them of anything. 
 fuck zionists bruh 
 West Bank has never been partbof Israel. Judea and Samaria should be. Israel has nothing to do with who gets into Gaza. Heck, we even trued to give it back to Egypt! They said "No". 
 Most of the “free” world does want Palestine to be free of the racist apartheid colonial Zionist regime &amp; their illegal military occupation,illegal foreign occupiers on stolen Pal land &amp; an end of their stranglehold on countries who really are not free when they r threatened 
 Satmar &amp; NK are not Zionists yet, but they do believe eventually it's the Jews' land. They are Zionists in waiting. 
 &amp; The Government Clearly Seems To Wan't This! No Prevention's / He Praises The Police Leading Up The The Election! Something Is Just Very KKK Etc. About This! The U.S.A. Is Becoming Like Palestine! IsraHELL / Zionist's Are All Up In The U.S.A. Corporation. 
 Hating your own Muslims citizens of <number> Coror ,who are there for last <number> years is just Brahmin's divide and rule agenda,will cause a massive Civil War which will below India, that's what Zionist want too. 
 The Zionists have turned the whole world into hell. In every region of the world, Israel the axis of evils is playing a game of human blood. 
 Also that must make me an antisemite cause I’m not a full Zionist. Pretty cool guys 
 Most people are aware of the Zionists' method of hiding their unacceptable actions with the shield of Judaism. So if anyone calls them on their inhumanity &amp; injustice they accuse them of being anti-semitic. PATHETIC. 
 For the United States of America and Israel to see Northern Nigeria calling for Death to America and Israel But BIAFRAN people backs USA ACTION in Iraq God bless USA God bless Israel God bless BIAFRA Peace be upon JERUSALEM Zionists ONWUKA NSIEGBE 
 Duh! , , &amp; are all on the same team... team servants of please RT RT Now! 
 You don’t know enough about the zionists. You’re looking at a very narrow side right of the other perspective. They were/are killing people of all types women/men/kids of all ages, above all they’re stealing the original soil which is Palestine not Israel. They’re Corona itself. 
 "Ebeneezer" means "stones of Hebrew." Dr. King was a Zionist. Dr. King believed in democracy and Israel is the only democracy in the Middle East. 
 [antisemitism] If your reaction to non/post/anti-Zionist Jews receiving antisemitic abuse is to point, laugh or cheer, that is absolutely antisemitic 
 Dershowitz is a Zionist supremacist and would love to see all the goy shot up with a poisonous vaccine. His dream is another Bolshevik Revolution except this time on Christian Americans. Plus, he's a pedo but his satanic Talmud says that's allowed. 
 Because covid(psyop) <number> is happening now....I will not forget <number> psyop....neither should you.....The Pentagon at the time of <number> had over <number> cameras pointing to each and every direction, And the Zionists give us this <number> fps video? Lies within lies...... 
 I dont throw around the anti-Semitic word ever but this is you deliberating putting Jewish people (not Zionists) into a bad light. And they did nothing wrong by fighting in WW1. 
 “If we want to stay really human beings, we must get up and call the Zionists what they are: Nazi criminals,” Meyer said. (Hoping I do not get Twitterspanked as antisemitic for this quote from a Jewish Holocaust survivor.) 
 The world is quiet, the Zionists have taken over but a few places on earth. A leader will arise to release us from this cruel bondage. These are unGodly people. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : <number> . Can you name the greatest mass murderer of the 20th century? No, it wasn’t Hitler or Stalin. It was Mao Zedong. 
 At least <percent> of Jews are Zionists. And you can be a Zionist and also advocate for Palestinians. 
 once you try to attack looks your argument and validity goes straight down the drain. but sinze you’re both zionists i think that alr did it for you 
 Drop from the list. He is Jerry Nadler endorsed, real estate millionaire financed, zionist corporate democrat. Guess where he is giving speech tomorrow? Israelli embassy!!! 
 ..”The continued expansions Of Jewish-only settlements on occupied land, US Embassy move to Jerusalem, the so-called “deal of the century” and the formalization of annexation are the latest manifestations of Zionist colonial rule.” 
 These are not soldiers...whatever they are to say the very least is a disgrace to humanity and itself. How these pro thugs sleep at night after committing such war crimes is only achieved through dehumanization &amp; western $$$ the eternal terror state. 
 claims that Palestinians are a separate ethnicity who just happened to choose Arabic as their first language. Imagine. If there was a grain of truth to any of it, it means they gave up their own ethnic language &amp; learned a brand new one. Arabic. Yikes! 
 The Unz Review30 de jul de <number> <time> <number> Anti-Zionist Writer Alain Soral Jailed, Jewish Lobby Overjoyed, by Guillaume Durocher 
 May ALL Zionists be banished from Israel! So Jewish Israelis and Palestinian Muslims are left in peace. 
 Have to protect those precious Zionist pigs! 
 Left wing conspiracy is not anti-semitism. Left wing jew hatred IS antisemitism Left wing anti-Zionism in support of anti-Zionist Jews is patently not anti-semitism. We will chat more tomorrow. 
 Learn a little Zionist history. The colonial project started long before the Nazis even existed, &amp; the Holocaust was just one more thing they used to their political advantage. Israel blew up a fucking ship full of Jewish refugees so they'd have to migrate to Israel instead of/ 
 “The spiritual father of the Jewish State” Zionist 
 I’m a giants fan who happens to also be a conservative from the Bay Area but stfu up Zionist . 
 Even Orthodox Jews agree with Muslim and they don’t like Zionist Wtf you talking about 
 Yeah, or so I thought. Until she revealed her Zionist, racist side and lost all her appeal for me. 
 Israeli Zionist trolls have all been trained using the same manuals based on their unique 'twisted logic'! They will go around in circles for hours, like headless chickens, without ever getting anywhere, unable to handle any topic with honesty &amp; openness. 
 Sometimes I can not seem to find the thread to which someone is replying. But if this was to me, regarding Jew as opposed to Zionist- As I said in my previous comment: "Based on actions... appears to be a Zionist." I certainly can not claim to know, but globalist behavior is a clue. 
 This bum has dual citizenship with Israel. A Zionist of the first order. 
 Your zionist buddies will be pleased. 
 WITHOUT THE ZIONIST SLAYYY 
 We moroccans have a thousand Badr Hari's waiting in line .....hungry lions of the atlas ready to eat zionists 
 It's amazing how quickly the cranks blame the zionists 
 Knock if off with the respect Israelis tweets, massacres are still happening in Palestine, and don’t astonish me with your stupidity saying they have nothing to do with it, zionists are on the SAME land where those bloody massacres are happening 
 Zionism is EVIL! Zionist zealots are doing 'Crimes Against Humanity' <date> for almost a hundred years now! They are DEMONIC CREATURES, if they can do this to a Friend?? DOWN with Zionism!! Try to live by the, 'Golden Rule." TIKKUN OLAM! 
 Your claims against Corbyn R unproven. Even so, Hodge was found guilty of far worse than "failing <number> act". She deliberately suppressed the truth and tried <number> discredit the testimonies of those who exposed the truth! Will you condemn her actions? Or are Zionists above criticism? 
 Did the malice appear on it from the first rounds between you and him to say that you were relieved that you are deluded by these appearances and smiling, the deception is not yet at a young age you will know those malicious Zionists what you learned from history and biography 
 Rebel/Ezra (maybe not Keeane or Sheila) are controlled opp/mossad. He always point to muslims/China, but never zionist/globalist/banksters. He doesnt point to the handlers, only to those being handled. CPC is a globalist party. He must keep audience in the globalist theater. 
 of its role in resisting Zionist settlement aggression and aborting Western projects that target civilians rights. <number> / <number> 
 Biden identifies as a zionist. I rather die than voting for a zionist 
 in is as real as of by or of by , Its not case of a few extremist, India today is led by Butcher of whose party is political wing of internationally recognised terrorists org 
 Follow one, Follow All 
 endorsed By Detroit Imam Hassan Qazwini In <number> he called Sanders ‘An Honorable Man, Even Though He Is A Jew’; In <number> , called ISIS ‘The Arm of The Zionists in The Muslim World... To Defame The Name of Islam’: source: MEMRI TV Archives 
 is the worst enemy of the ever! I know! Elections! 
 Okay no more looking in threads for me. I don’t need my brain to melt from watching Zionists argue with black Israelite defenders, arguing with rationale thinkers who can differentiate between Zionists and Jews 
 All you have to know is that there are a lot of rabbis that are Anti-Zionist. That in itself should tell you something 
 Israel Zionists including IDF settler Israeli occupying force are state sponsored terror groups supported by American Zionist politicians who receiving campaign contributions in form of hidden bribery from AIPAC, American Israel political action committee! 
 Oh no! If this gets out the US &amp; UK will feel so bad about their cowardice they’ll turn their backs on Palestine &amp; lick some more Zionist arse. Shame. What’s that then? 
 “Hide me mama I’m scared” says a Palestinian child as the Zionist occupation forces bomb ... 
 The BoD are a very insidious bunch of ne'er do well's that are determined to stifle any and all criticism of that vile, foul, and appalling zionist Israeli regime,and their heinous crimes and atrocities against the Palestinians. 
 My version is 'Zionist neocon shill' and 'supporter of the Islamist regime in Tehran'. 
 okay liam payne and harry styles stan. at least jungkook isnt a zionist and fetishize bi woman 
 What about ZIONISTS against Trump? (stabbing in the back non stop, as they can not seem to help doing) ZATS? 
 The NWO DEEP STATE Cleaning Crew.... British &amp; MOSSAD INTEL Agencies, the creators of the Zionist Israeli State. 
 Bull Assal: We’ve all witnessed / ’s suppressive behavior, attacking all opponents of - universally labeling us as neocons, war mongers, zionists, etc. is neither nor 
 I have angered the anti-Palestinian Zionists. 
 He’s not a Zionist 
 Literally none of them are Antisemitic. He is pointing out the influence of the pro Israel lobby or Zionists. Many Zionists are not Jewish and many Jews are not Zionists, myself included. The pro Israel lobby is huge because of its strategic importance to the USA in the region 
 What else to expect from a Zionist 
 Correction: He's a puppet just like Hitler was and the master are Marxist, zionist They are the real source to targets' (Actually is for your reality but from my awareness they are front group) Head global enslaver working for / under the Enslaving Alien Race off-world aka ELOHIM 
 The Ottomans used to say: “The killer becomes the first to come to the scene.” There’s a plethora of explanations of what could have happened, wait for proper investigation. But at the end of the day offering to “help” !?! May the extremist, Zionists, and munafiqeen fall 
 Oh? I thought the bosses wanted war with ! 
 When you call Trump a Zionist puppet, this tells me you are not a Trump supporter. This must be a phony pro-Trump account. 
 Or even Jewish persons, for that matter. When the Palestinians revolted against the Zionist project in <number> / <number> , Ben Gurion understood all too well their motives - saying this: 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : Dear libs, If Hitler were in power today &amp; President Trump threatened to take him out, who’s side would you take? You… 
 It’s unfortunate that CHOP was infiltrated by far right zionists. If we tried a few times more it would definitely work so long as we ensured to smash the patriarchy 
 That doesn’t mean bernie isn’t a Zionist. 
 My parents were Zionist in Poland. Dad heard Zev Jabotinsky speak. He was quite the orator. 
 The health warning is out! Zionist dogs will deny thru their teeth everything! Even when they have the evidence in front them them they’ll play victim! Tired of this murdering regime! 
 Zionist are taking over 
 I believe you do know what Zion means? If not see below. Being anti-Zionist is same as anti-Jerusalem, anti-Land of Israel. If you anti-Zionist, the most rational thing to do is to leave the land that you stand against. Please pass that to your daughter, maybe it's not too late. 
 Many of the have no qualms about the genocidal activities of the Israeli Zionists Biden's lack of empathy mirrors Trump's in every way Israel's racist of Palestinians has bipartisan support in the US 
 Trump is going to push for it ASAP. But I would not worry. Trump is likely to replace her with another zionist jew. 
 Can you post the poll where <percent> of Israel's said they would allow their daughter to marry someone black? That's all why I ask do not send me any more pictures or stories post the poll. 
 If the Zionists Israel hands over Baitul Maqdus.. Jerusalem &amp; Masjide Aqsa to the Muslims peacefully.. We will let them go.. Otherwise we will kill all the Zionists confronting us. Only those will be spared who leave peacefully. Dr.Khan, Khalifatul Muslimeen. 
 Not true. Colloidal Silver causing argyria is part of an elaborate conspiracy perpetrated by Hiliary Clinton and the alien Lizard People as part of the Leftist Global Zionist agenda to take away your 2nd Amendment rights. 
 The real motto of israel, Mossad &amp; the zionists should be ”By way of deception &amp; lies &amp; always playing the victim we shall buy everyone &amp; everything, especially power &amp; rule the world .” 
 Because he is a white Zionist turd, like yourself. is the answer. 
 No we dnt. Watch some youtube videos of european or american tourists in Iran and watch how ppl treat them here We like ppl from all over the world we just have problem with Zionist regimes 
 Excellent point....the lede is totally misleading...he supports BDS and has a solid understanding of the vile philosophy of the Zionist state. Thanks for the clarification. 
 My finally was able to practice to Jewish in Israel. It's ironic how the arabs were the ones who made us Zionists 
 What the fuck has happened to labour?! You’ve got sterile starmer, the bland remainers wet dream. Negative Nandy, blatant liar and all round depressant. Rebecca limp bailey, the self proclaimed Zionist that doesn’t know what Zionism is. WTF!!! 
 I stay out of that conv, but the internal politics are interesting. I listened to some one go on about their birthright experience in glowing terms and urge others to go, then launch into an anti-Zionist rant for <number> solid min. Tells me I’m too outside to understand. 
 We got Zionists under every fucking rock... the anit bds bill proved this if Aipac didnt... 
 “Being zionist does not make you anti-Palestinian” HUH????? 
 More like Hindutva dominated troll accounts. Which promote Nazi RSS ideology through given platforms by their masters the Zionist. Lynching of minorities by Hindutva mobs everyday have now been seen through the world. No one is buying your bs made up cheesy Bollywood propaganda 
 Shoot from the hip is what the US is good at..The Zionists carefully chose the country they would get to do their work and the US ticked all the boxes. Egotistical, gullible, speculates, big military (not the best), wealthy. Perfect Zionist tool.. 
 That is the true reason the Democrats are on the anti-zionist bandwagon, either actively (as Berniecrats) or indirectly by supporting Iranian nukes and such. They want normalized antisemitism and persecution of Jews without any way for Jews to protect themselves. 
 horrible! How dare she to inoculate the pure lips of a Palestinian baby with a Zionist colostrum . Now he is done and lost 
 did not he do a zionist concert or something 
 ATLANTIC COUNCIL IS A BUNCH OF IRAN HATING ZIONISTS FUNDED BY PENTAGON N CIA! IRAN WILL MAKE NO AGREEMENT EVER AGAIN WITH CHEATING USA! FORGET IT! 
 Fat ass neocon warmonger and Zionist bootlicker Pimpeo is giving a convention speech from Israel. ... Do you believe this clown? 
 Me either. Ugh even as a Christian Zionist, I cared about the Palestinians and was open to the truth. The rockets barely crack asphalt. Jews against Zionisim woke me up too! 
 Now, the article on the left is someones thoughts on the role of Zionists around the time of WW2. If it was an article on the Windrush immigrants being Ni**ers &amp; W*gs I would say <percent> racist. I will hapilly admit I am no expert but can you tell me what's antisemitic here? Please? 
 are NOT an army, but the best financed terrorist organization on the planet says same way 'israel' is not a legal state but merely occupied land, protected by the zionist terrorists and religious morons worldwide 
 "I think Americans are good, but America will be taken over and destroyed from the inside by the Zionist lobby. The Americans do not see this. They are getting decadent. Zionists will use this to destroy them." Muammar al-Gaddafi 
 It is natural to me to be Jewish and Zionist. My pride is like a lions. Natural, ferocious group based. 
 <number> points behind Boris, You are having a laugh. Labour now has no grassroots no core membership and no fucking chance. Take your Zionist party and stick it up your arse. Because if socialists wanted to support apartheid they would be Tories. Racist to the core Starmer is. 
 What did do to her? How did we hurt her or came close to her. It is all about the neoliberal zionist’s Benjamins baby. Who gives a flying füçk about this expired bag of repulsiveness 
 Zionists. Unless you transact outside of the Federal Reserve Note then you are an unwitting member already. 
 Racist Israel is a camp entity, the occupation will be gone, Zionists are haunted in fear, the Zionists are thieves and the homes in Palestine, they stole everything through ethnic cleansing, Israeli terrorism and war crimes wil, a struggle of existence and not borders 
 The Zionist (WW3 agenda):Axis B.A.S.T.R. (Balkans &amp; Turkey) attack Greece, killing millions. Nato (supposedly) retaliates,takes Turkey &amp; hands over Constantinople to Greece, establishes new <number> Empire (temp), then R.I.C. axis (Russia-Iran-China) step in attacking the West by <number> 
 You said he Zionist, imperialist and racist but only provided evidence for the racist part 
 That word has some serious connotations to it, I hate it when people throw it around. It's disgusting. On a lighter note, I bet this person uses the word "shande" a lot. Anti-Zionist Jews seem to love using that word the most. 
 You’re living in a fantasy, the Labour Party is fragmented and the Zionist zealots are taking over. The SNP resembles its origins about as much as labour resembles the Keir Hardie Labour Party. In we have red and blue tories joining forces to keep SNP out of local gov. 
 If you are making an argument I suggest sticking with Jews or sticking with Zionists. Please do not conflate the two as they are completely different entities. 
 Is this how Zionists flirt ? 
 What do you call Germans who live in Canada and defend Germany? Zionist Jews are now separate from Jews? We are all Jews. A Jew is a Jew is a Jew. How do I know? Hitler taught us. 
 I used to think Voting was important. Every vote counts &amp; all that chingadera. Both major parties are a sham, obfuscation, cover for Zionist control of US Govt. We go to wars, kill innocent ppl for what, Profit for few rich arses. This country is owned by Foreign Agent. Wake up. 
 yeah extra zero with respect to ONE year. Sometimes 25K "ancient palestinians" a day came from surrounding lands for the opportunities the Zionists created. 
 Yeah, good post. The zionist net gang is called the "hasbara." The saudi supporters also have a large propaganda presence on the net. Both are stupid, and there just to derail ppl from realizing the truth about these <number> detestable regimes. 
 I'd rather argue with an idiot zionist than a fob who's gonna disrespect my mom 
 Yeah , Zionist supporters are always unfair and they are always denying the facts... 
 exactly. I dont see the point in people explaining to us what the definition of a zionist is, cuz that definition is now ruined by pro israeli gov anyways, so it doesnt matter what it really means 
 I say anti zionist, they hear anti semite 
 are applauding 's choice of because of her support for 's &amp; pursuit of in illegally occupied ; they should be supporting instead to from 
 David Baddiel is a far right ultra Zionist 
 Zionists calling people colonizers??? 
 erm you dont even know what a zionist means 
 The Zionists have turned the whole world into hell. In every region of the world, Israel the axis of evils is playing a game of human blood. 
 Yes. I mentioned Christian Zionists. 
 Why should we take someone like you, a Reagan sympathizing moderate who's probably a zionist, seriously? Centrist whites like yourself threaten democracy and international security. Your support of politicians who take money from the <percent> is the reason why we have Trump. 
 I wonder how all the people at my former uni (including these zionists I argued with in a human rights law workshop) who told me I was ridiculous for saying annexation is inevitable are doing 
 How did Zionist become part of the <number> basic hate groups! racism, sexism, homophobia and Woody Allen! 
 will demolish the trick players &amp; oppressors like our leader (Ayatollah Khamenei) defeated ISIS &amp; USA_Zionists_terrorists 
 CURSED UK is the CAUSE of OUR ENTIRE calamities in the ME. First creating zionist state, second in toppling democratically elected Iranian PM Mossadeq to secure CHEAP OIL, third creating subservient gulf monarchies. YEMEN needs to pivot to CHINA and Russia, FORGETS THE WEST 
 According to zionists, that is... 
 How antisemitic conspiracy theories, that are even pushed by Anti-Zionist Jewish organizations (like ) and Women’s March leadership, is directly connected to violence against Jews in New York. with the most important piece on this issue: 
 Local activist Emad Dadoo said that Zionist settlers descended from the illegal Israeli settlement of Eliazar uprooted about <number> olive trees and <number> grape trees 
 Why is Zionist apartheid lover Gerard butler on there ? 
 Better than living under zionist control or without dignity. 
 I believe they are opposing the Zionist Israelis that shouldn’t be in Israel anyway. There Talmud says they should only go back to the promised land when there messiah returns? Is that right? Any Jewish people out there? 
 Playing into Int Jewry hands Once we acknowledge its Un-Christian to soften &amp; subvert our own race, in so doing we are betraying our children into slavery, we have to begin speaking up against fraudulent Zionist missionary of "brotherhood" &amp; defend future freedom of our children. 
 Since the illegal transfer of Palestinian in <number> . Well, the evil Zionist organization did not follow the conditions set by Britain so ownership of the land is not settled. According to holy scripture Palestinians well b awarded the land equip with new housing. Revelations <number> vs <number> 
 Wat ever is lost will be back one day. Fight against Zionist regime . 
 Media run by Marxist Zionists who consider the white race their sworn enemy and enjoy the white-vs-black race war tactic to keep their sheep in line. 
 THIS COULD EXPLAIN WHY ISRAEL HAS CLOSE TIES WITH CHINA. They see China as being stronger that the US ( <number> X population) and they have "hitched their Zionist wagon" to China. 
 There can be no "khair" when its coming from a Zionist. 
 Dear Henry,YOU DO A great job, but I am forced finally to conclude for MANY reasons that KAPNER is just one more well-paid info-seeking shill for the ZIONISTS &amp; PROJECT POGO (tag, track,&amp; identify anti-Zionists.) Even priests in the Orthodox Church have problems with him.-Pam 
 ! BREAKING: SATAN CONTROLS THE USA through Zionists, neo-cons, the media, the CFR, the Internet, the US Congress, TV, cable, magazines, fellow travelers, patsies, and traitors. Daniel <time> - <number> , Rev. <number> : <number> . 
 are the enemy of all who know the truth and history of global war profiteering and the real hidden hands that rule the world. Zionists make the world more dangerous for TRUE and all with their despicable behavior. 
 Ha! This is the part of history that Arabs never admit to. I wish I could lie during times of war. But I prefer honesty instead of taqiyya which Muhammad said was permissible during times of war. That’s another thing Arabs try to deny. LOL! 
 A palestinian couple, came to visit their beloved house, occupied by zionist Jewish family. inshaAllah is always with Palestine. 
 What does Hitler have to do with it? Better Hitler than Lucifer like jews and zionist do. 
 The intentions of Zionist leaders can be considered innocent only if you take into account that they viewed Arabs in Palestine as inferior and even subhuman, a common European belief at the time. 
 Really? That’s funny as nazis killed Zionist Jews. They killed all Jews as they were cheered on by your grand mufti. Here’s a nice pic 
 The so called Zionist’s “Rapture “at the end of times to gather Christians and Jews at Jerusalem is a trap helping Netanyahu to take over Jerusalem the International city under UN protection and the Palestinians land in Westbank and Gaza 
 Saddam was killing his own before allied forces arrived. Assad has killed half a mil because he wants to stay in power like his father before him. Gaddafi didn’t need an invitation from so called zionists to kill his own people. Arab Muslim world doesn’t need help destabilising 
 I deny a Zionist church. 
 Can someone in the USA kindly tell this guy that he is no longer a Nigerian but a BIAFRAN I do not think he is living in America USA CENSUS <number> Congratulations for your Achievements Biafra Zionists REP OF BIAFRA 
 Yeah, because you are a Zionist POS who supports the colonization and Apartheid of Palestine. We are so proud. 
 Stop putting that Zionist on my tl 
 Becuase zionists believe they are superior by race from others.... so his aim was to divide muslims not making them jewish 
 Is that David ‘chicken soup is a (((zionist plot)))’ Miller you’re speaking of? 
 Zionists should not represent Judaism the same way ISIS should not represent Islam 
 Are all Zionists a problem, do you not care either way, or are you decidedly anti-Zionist. Obviously I am Zionist, but I believe in a just peace with Palestinians. To be Zionist does not mean you are anti-Palestinian. In fact, what is good for them is good for Israel, for peace. 
 Ahmed Erekat is a victim of treachery and murder for the Zionist occupation .. Israel demands democracy and peace and it is the most criminal crime that commits crimes .. This is not the first time, but thousands of times killing our people in cold blood 
 I do not think you should worry too much for her. Her zionist benefactors will keep her eating well. 
 Reason: Zionist scumbags. 
 Challenges me alright , I didn’t think people were this stupid to fall for this obvious psychological operation. I mean he has the tree of life award and he isn’t a zionist puppet . People are just downing the kool aid 
 Toronto Restaurant Tells Customers, ‘Zionists Not Welcome’ Here we go again... 
 This is not pleasant to hear but it's a FACT that zionist lobbies (like George Soros) in US are doing their best to kick out this joker and put their slave Joe instead of him.. So the real evil emperors are the ones with money who control these puppets! Do not forget this.. 
 The RUC &amp; IDF developed techniques/tactics together for years. Likely between them, pre-US use. These days senior DUP members have a private firm training questionable regime's police forces in tactics developed during the troubles in NI, which were shared with the Zionists. 
 I know. I can gladly say that not all Jews believe in zionism - those are the ones I really respect. As soon as Palestinians live in peace then the zionist movement wont be a terrorist movement anymore, i guess. 
 Where can you see the ismamophobic and zionist thing? I saw the prolife thing 
 There is only one thing these racist white cops have incommon (apart from their skincolor): they were trained by zionist terrorists! 
 OFFICIAL ELECTION RESULTS Statement from the American Zionist Movement, which administered the US Election for the 38th World Zionist Congress <date> Uh...I remember voting back late winter. Results... <date> . I may be deathly ill, but my memory works. 
 would you call yourself an anti-zionist keith? 
 That certain Zionist leaning members of western governments are still milking the holocaust for 21st century political point scoring is scandalous considering the brutality of the Israeli occupiers of Palestine. 
 no I think the Zionists did. The reply wouldn’t made sense without the zionists replying??? Hello? 
 Evidence of this? I haven’t read enough about early zionists either but Jews definitely have a historical claim. It makes sense that over the last <number> years, many Jews would have liked to go back 
 I am all for that, as far as government policy is concerned. Outside of that, if someone wants to help the Palestinians kick their Zionist problem also, IDC. No one else should either. 
 Do not know about SF but per many comments on ZH, Trump is a Zionist and thus also as evil as the commie libs lol 
 Oh dear, the Racism is Palpable. Even the zionists of the late <number> 's Knew Palestine was Not empty or abandoned. Indeed, they recognised that every arable part of the land was tilled. That is why early zionists formed Kibutz in the Arid lands. Or did they like Arid land? 
 New York is full of Zionists... 
 On surface, it seems like a good call, rightly so. Police work in US has usually leaned on &amp; had the blessings of Neoliberal Zionists. Does his stance have to do with Population of Franklin County, ME is <percent> White Alone, <percent> Two or More Races, and <percent> Hispanic or Latino. 
 Interestingly enough, on national self-determination grounds, even in <number> ,the Zionists would not have actually been entitled to that much of Palestine. They only made up a majority in Tel Aviv District and a near-majority in Haifa District. Nowhere else did they even make up <percent> . 
 Y is it that u cant talk about conspiracies or or Zionist yet all these platforms let go viral even tho they r saying the elites (incl social media heads) r about <number> b arrested after Trump rips up the constitution &amp; declares ? Q is 
 THE CLINTONS MUST BE SHLEPPIN NACHES -- Trump retweets left-wing anti-Zionist Max Blumenthal's diss of John Bolton - Jewish Telegraphic Agency via 
 The war between DNC and GOP is real at ground level. All the better to preserve the smoke screen. At the upper echelons they work toward the same Zionist ends. This is why Soros was never stopped. This is why government crime goes unpunished except at the lower echelons. 
 Will they be attending the peace agreement signing between Bahrain, the UAE and Israel? 
 The Zionist are a dangerous establishment to associate and do business with. The Orthodox Jews on the other hand are more trustable and honest 
 okay yall like the guy cool good for you but yall were acting like people are cancelling him out of thin air and that hes innocent and turning a blind eye for the stuff he did???? the guy is literally a zionist and pro military (supports two things that many innocents die from) 
 When a real terrorist want to be peace maker while he holding knife behind his back..zionist and peace will never match.. 
 I do not stan zionist, I stan an unproblematic king 
 the kingdom of Arabia and are the financier of the ' evil projects in the Middle East.. it is very clear.. 
 What exactly are you asking? Only racist supremacists like the nazis and Zionists consider Jews a race. 
 is a bigger threat to the world peace than I thought. They are clearly a tool 
 also tweeted an uncomfortable amount of info about ben shapiro/zionists at me at one point...toxicity 
 Not all Jewish people are Zionist. Just, what?? 
 Honestly I don’t know what to make of you. Some tweets are reasonable. Others are horrendous (Irving). The <number> good Jews you point to are far left anti Zionists. You seem to be all over the place. Do you support the existence of Israel? Are you a liberal Zionist or an anti Zionist? 
 Other nationalists are often too stupid to not understand that Zionists are not nationalists like everyone else, they seriously believe to be the chosen race above all. 
 a good rule of thumb i have heard is: does this criticism assume that all Jews are Israeli and/or Zionists? or does it recognize that Jews and Israelis can and do have wildly divergent political opinions? 
 Yes, I understand. 
 Before Q ...Eschatology, doctrine, and apologetics was muh digs. The word "Zionist" is NOT a bad word...if folks would just do a bit more research. I ended up making a few memes to push back on the shills sometime back. Now I just block their sorry selves. 
 They are implementing NWO - UN Agenda <date> ...Covid <number> is in the center- the "trigger" for all the REAL Agenda-the Globalists are throughout all governments. Zionist Cabal-Fed Res Mafia Family. 
 Other than the video posted where he denies saying “the enemy of the Palestinian people are Zionists” as he knows it’s anti-Semitic, &amp; the footage of him actually doing so. Apart from that overwhelming proof, nah fuck all. 
 Why is Zionism the largest supporter of white nationalism, yet Zionist do not identify as white? 
 anti american zionists have been posing as our leaders since they pulled off their atomic bomb hoax on the world 
 Hmmm that makes me an extremist anti zionist trouble making theorist. "I have made it Ma to the top of the world" Al Capone. I think but it's a theory. 
 That is why Zionists = Nazis =KKK =ISIS! Neither of these sub humans had or have shame, regret or humanity in them! Sickening lot! 
 I enjoy seeing zionist die and go extinct meanwhile you and your people are working so your gov would be able to allocate a budget to shove in the zionist and jews throats and pay contractors to kill people in iraq and Afghanistan and etc Meanwhile your economi is collapsing 
 Synema wants zero attention. She’s content with bending over for the corporate elite and the zionists. She’s fine 
 Do you wanna dehumanzie us so that wars against Muslim countries can be justified?! Use our religion as an excuse when its really your Zionist extremists agenda that's causing most of the chaos! You need to stop watching Bill Maher shit! Enough already! We are on to you! 
 She forced her daughter to write an anti-zionist D'var Torah, and expressed pride that her daughter is now a virulent anti-zionist. 
 I do not fully understand Zionist but I do not think people would disagree with anyone Jewish visiting Israel. It would be madness l!! 
 You just described Israel/Zionist political movement perfectly. Perhaps you should listen more to what their leaders say. I am not for open borders, but Israel wants it for the US, but runs a Marxist apartheid state off our tax dollar. 
 Try again. <number> percent of Jewish people are what you deridingly call a Zionist. Believing one small Jewish country has the right to exist. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : If Horikoshi had intended to criticize, he had to use the name of the perpetrator(Unit <number> , 石井 四郎), not the victim(Maruta), to… 
 It's interesting that a supposedly pro-Israel org would host an Anti-Zionist and yet has never hosted a non-Left wing Zionist. 
 They where taught by top flight Zionist, without the doe they aint shit. Hit them pockets hard. 
 If harry gets canceled for being a Zionist just cancel zendaya too since her best friend was in the IDF 
 Zionists weapons of mass destruction, strikes again...Will they "pull" America into that Deep State war they so badly want? Christian blood, is the blood, Nazi-Zionists love to spill. Look what they did to every king, monarch and the "Church" in Europe the last <number> years! 
 Zionist spies are everywhere 
 Please do not associate Islam with the yahuuds. I do not hate jews, but i hate israel as it is founded by zionists. Read sister. No muslim will associate with such oppressors. We will stand with our palestinian brothers and sisters. 
 Until Jews change their ways, I support making the Zionist project as difficult and expensive as possible. 
 I like that; Israel is a Zionist Disneyland....... 
 you and your Zionist regime will pay bitterly for all the palestinian lives you all took b**** sarcastic HYPOCRITES lanah tu lah aleyhi! 
 Didn’t u read the articles about this? And his disinvite to his Zionist students? 
 The PA....Personal Assistants of racists/zionists system....! 
 Nobody is defending that massacre. Zionists seem very keen to defend massacre of 1000s of civilians by the Israeli regime. Zionism does not seem to be about bringing peoples together in peace and harmony. 
 Please send this to all Israeli Zionist they need to fix their heads more than any other human being. Natenyahu &amp; his friends Need to Listen carefully!!! 
 The Zionists are dirty vulgar murderouse people. BDS 
 <number> . NEGRO The 7th of January is a Historical Day. A day when excuses will be given to Joshua MIGUNA by President Kenyatta or his representatives. Black people should not bow down to Zionist Presidents and Dictators. Kenyatta and Odinga must apologise to Citizen Joshua MIGUNA. 
 Like Corbyn, Lenin had his own team of anti-Zionist Jews via 
 Fox News is a Zionist outlet and is not to be trusted under any circumstances. Tucker is somewhat okay, I have seen much better, but I mean, give me a break. Who wants to endorse an establishment outlet controlled by a corrupt media mogul like Rupert Murdoch?? 
 We scream our lungs out about how the Zionists steal lands from/forcefully relocate the Palestinians in the name of Nationalism and Economic development. When given the same power, what have we done and are still doing to our Orang Asli &amp; Natives? 
 I do not necessarily disagree with you. My only concern is how successful can integration be. Especially with the existence of powerful right-wing Zionists who believe that Israel must maintain its Jewish identity, this inherently undermines the possibility of equality and justice 
 friendly reminder: EAT ZIONISTS. 
 Zionist alert — Under the law in Israel, it clearly states that only Jewish people have the right of self determination. 
 They were kind of fun and really did a good job at tearing into the dogwhistling of the alt right and then a lot of them went "Okay when the Labour MP said the UK government is occupied by zionists, it wasn't anti-semitic because not all jews are zionists!" 
 most of them are crypto Zionists too 
 Yes but his agenda is to drive the Jews out of the USA back to Israel. Then he will be free of the zionists. 
 Now there's an image I have not seen in years. It's weird to remember a time when people other than boomers and zionists were enthusiastic about Trump 
 Yes...now that all the small business are bankrupt. All part of their Zionist plan. 
 Comparing ISIS to the Third Reich is such a low IQ statement, Soleimani has praised Hitler and the ''Nazi" regime as "The last stand of the western anti-Zionists" 
 Zionist/ Jewish extremists are so sick &amp; twisted. They could play you along &amp; stick the knife in &amp; try to frame you for it... 'And they say we have no binding oaths/ commitments to the gentiles, and they speak a lie about God (misrepresent Gods commands to them) knowingly' Quran 
 America is my home country. I am Jewish. I am a proud Zionist. I am a proud American, most importantly I am a proud Jew. 
 The people who want to complain about the and it’s values forget Abe Cahan and other related figures helped foment Solidarity in Poland, weakening Communism and that Cahan himself became increasingly Zionist. Today’s Forward IS Cahan’s paper in <number> . They don’t like it 
 Again, HYPOCRITES are melting Jews with Zionists ! ABOMINATION !! If there is a GOD's People, certainly they are NOT EVIL ZIONISTS ! American Jews to vote for 38th World Zionist Congress in <number> via 
 It is Jew-hatred. Let us call it what it is. German intellectuals used "antisemitism" as a euphemism for Jew-hatred. Soviet intellectuals used "anti-Zionist" as a euphemism for Jew-hatred. Call it what you will, but this is Jew-hatred 
 The <money> Question; If the Banker Elite ARE allegedly Jewish; Why would they knowingly finance Hitler's Final Solution Agenda? Sponsor Jewish murder? It's not Jewish! What kind of relational system could pull off such a stunt? Free will. The Zionist &amp; the Torah Jew. Cain &amp; Abel. 
 the black lives matter movement was started by a Zionist to break the American system similar to what he done to British currency in dropping Sterling pound to the ground a few decades ago 
 Talk to the Zionist. They hurt you more then anyone 
 The government garland them facilities them with seats in parliament give them license . If peace prevails how will the fascist government of rss reach to their evil Zionist agenda? 
 she thinks jeremy corbyn is antisemitic without understanding to separate it frm what he rly is - anti zionist - has agreed to a colleague saying "they are pushing it" to lgbt representation in media and always bitches abt women in her life, why am I surprised? shocked 
 Trump Regime Names Zionist Zealots to Administer Illegal Annexation Scheme - Stephen Lendman 
 Rabbi Weiss: “Judaism and Zionism are anything but the same. A good Jew can’t be a Zionist, and a Zionist can’t be a good Jew.” 
 Yet so many decent caring liberal Jews who honor and observe their tradition in practice refuse to criticize the Racist Fascist Zionist Apartheid Israel due to misguided blood loyalty and protest all such criticisms as Anti-Semitism against their imaginary spiritual homeland. 
 Treacherous/selfish betraying to bow at/kiss bloody hands of mossad mercenaries/convicted zionist murderers/occupiers of nuclear apartheid regime for vested interest/ties. UAE/Bahrain sold out for sham deal. 
 hasn’t this happened before?? isn’t he a zionist?? when are y’all actually gonna follow through when cancelling problematic people 
 Have an impossible conversation with a Palestinian or an anti-Zionist Jew sometime. 
 As I said before, I am no zionist 
 You mean a Zionist!! 
 What’s ridiculous is that when Amnesty also talks about stuff like Syria, they dismiss it as “Zionist Propaganda” and claim that Israel runs AI. 
 What it is that the Zionists have to do to be call criminals ? is there any integrity in the world or it is just the MSM deliberately ignoring the crimes of israel? 
 The Zionists have gotten in so deep into the fabric of American society that watching their faces on mainstream media is sickening and revolting as they snarkily talk about taking away America's individual freedoms...they have crookedly planted themselves in all facets of gov't + 
 This link from a while back about the Progress take over of HNH. They might also get financial backing from the Zionist CST (Searchlight did). 
 always funny to me when people that r taught abt the israeI-paIestine conflict from the israeIi/zionist pov think they have all the facts and the "real" truth when theyre literally taught a ridiculous amount of propaganda by the oppressors.. like no shut up n unlearn ALL of that 
 It’s not surprising when Criminal Zionists blame land theft, home demolitions, etc on Palestinians. Blaming their murder of innocent Palestinians while they are being bombed in their Gaza homes or at checkpoints in the West Bank of occupied Palestine is a trait of their terror. 
 END THE INHUMANE ZIONIST OCCUPATION OF FREE GAZA FREE PALESTINE 
 ... really heaven on earth before zionist dajjal enter ...!!! 
 How does that zionist semen taste? 
 As a current Columbia student I can tell you how reactionary and ridiculous all of those anti-anti-Zionists look whenever they come out onto campus in force 
 No, but already apologized. Which seems to br a pattern now. First some celebrity will say something antisemitic or anti-zionists, and then when they encounter an uproar they will quickly apologize and promise to learm kabalah or something. 
 Do not YOU dare evoking events of innocent people being brutalized fighting in desperate self-defense to cover for ZIONIST cowardly KILLING of children, and IDF at night️and openly declared OCCUPATION + genocidal plans! 
 Yeah but the Zionist jews are just doing it the wrong way man! 
 why Zionists are not called racist?The Israeli government is based on Zionism and hatred against Palestinians whose land they have stolen.They never stop there murderous campaign against the Palestinians.The world is watching shamelessly. 
 He’s a Zionist shill 
 Even in Lebanon among certain Sunni communities he gets huge support, sadly; for lack of a real leader (and because their sectarianism does not let them see Shi'ites as their own leaders), he's become the imagined "strongman" of the Sunni world, despite being a NATO Zionist. 
 no I love the poster that even Zionists in 30s call the land what?? Palestine :) alone like other maps that call it Palestine Deal with it 
 Weird right? They claim to be the defenders of Jews (Zionists) while perpetrating anti-Semitism like telling Jews that oppose Israel they "are not real Jews" 
 Better one is We Only Hate Zionists, Not All Jews. 
 mentioned the names of some Gulf princes who were also involved in this scandal, but the American judiciary is covering up these scandals. CIA and American and Zionist figures are involved and do not want the American public to know the truth 
 Sycophant. By doing so, you can only be a dog to the Zionists. Throughout history, many dogs like you have come and gone. 
 Thank you for speaking out. More need to. And Zionist Israel is the answer regarding who is behind it all. Everything being done is by the hands of the Luciferian Zionist banker oligarchs. Consider teaming with other journalists w/integrity. 
 For racists/zionists occupiers....natives lives/property has never had a meaning ! 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 Palestine was colonised for <number> years before Zionists freed it. Delegitimisation of Israel is a call for the recolonisation free land. Jews are liberators not colonisers and the resistance continues 
 Because he thinks like the zionists, not about believe, but Jews a Race. If he would do it on a religious level, he would know that our Islamic beliefs are true teachings of the prophets ... 
 “Telling me I’m antisemitic is Zionist Propaganda, you fucking kike!” - how a whole lot of y’all sound 
 You can’t trust a Zionist. Never! This is another example. All lies. 
 Ask hafter to give back the money he stole the people he killed with the help of zionist and munafiqs all will be answered 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : BREAKING: Here's what Adolf Hitler had to say about Dark Souls III: "North Korea fails to improve upon cats." 
 . Only if we were all dead It's been tried Anyway, all of Israel's land claims are perfectly kosher by Ottoman law Zionists began operations under four Sultans 
 Yeah, he was more than a day late and a dollar short; he described the agenda, set up in the mid 1990s by Zionist neocons whereby America's blood &amp; treasure would take out regimes targeted by Israel. They have had considerable success, and Iran remains their main target. 
 Nah, he's talking about Zionist asshats...like the ones who traffick and rape kids...like Bill Clinton who you will not talk about. but go ahead and change the discussion for your masters. I read the Podesta emails: aiding &amp; abetting is still a felony, Jake. 
 I am not a Zionist. I do not like what's happening in Palestine. Guess that makes me "anti semite" I was not "slagging you off". You claim to want ideas. Muting now have had enough. Suggest you consider meat and food processing plants were a source of Covid spread in US. 
 <date> The First Jesuit Missionaries set sail for the New World <date> The Zionist usurped the power of the Roman Catholic President for further their New World Order This is TRUE American history 
 So when an anti-Zionst sexually harasses someone it's an indicator of the movement's immorality, but when a Zionist sexually harasses someone, let me guess, it's an indicator of the individual's immorality? 
 Ken O'Keefe Epic Livestream Rant / TRIGGERED by Zionist Report 
 A dirty Zionist squatter.. 
 Who was going to enforce this <percent> ? The British had already left due to the terrorism of the Zionists. Jew is a religion, we do not need religious states Jew, Muslim, Buddhist, Taoist or Christen, just have a state for everyone, but the Jews do not want that do they? 
 Didn’t u flirt with a Zionist 
 America is in a Rockefeller and Rothschild Zionist war again. America only got free from England with the Rockefeller 
 Zionist occupation regime’s spy agency to eliminate virus infected nationals! 
 He's a Zionist so I do not care. 
 interesting, i have not viewed in that context. i have always seen it as a pushback against the zionist history taught in day schools. that narrative is so all-encompassing that you never learn this stuff exists 
 Yep! I think he’s thinking of his Jewish Zionist supremacist family. The same tribe which owned most of those trans Atlantic slave ships. Oh and the irony that they should later buy their own little nugget. 
 Zionist also carried out air strikes against civilian targets in during their strikes on . No info on casualties yet. 
 No, they are both Zionist-Puppets. 
 Hmm? Now that u mention it, why not disband the military? They are only used to drop bombs for MIC, on innocent civilians, support only the Zionist <percent> , illegal war crimes for purposes of balkanizing ME for Israel &amp; around world &amp; US hegemony &amp; <number> keep afloat US criminal currency 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : The great artists &amp; bad humans were allies of “Good Muslims”. Hitler was considered as good as Muhammad. Grand Mufti… 
 Jews are not necessarily Zionists. 
 FUCKING ZIONIST @ Eco Park Suralaya 
 Sisi and his lobby did it for Zionist and May Allah accept Shahada of Beloved Mohammad Morsi 
 I do not know where &amp; stand on /, but is a supporter of &amp; I am hoping his primary opponents in 's 10th House district now debating him will address the issue... 
 The international community with British on first line gave a delimited land in Palestine to zionist whom was supposed to live only there.. Then a zionist expansionist grabbed more and more land around so I let you imagine natural reaction of those people and country around. 
 , are implicated in the <number> ATTACKS by , NEOCONS, patsies, useful idiots, fools, and TRAITORS! 
 I did not what about anything I answered, she is anti Zionist and no she is not anti semitic because of that, they are <number> different things. I am not for trump and I am not for this chick either. Being a trump fan and overlooking the same thing you judge her for make you a hypocrite 
 It has come to my attention that some of the people in my life are not very supportive of my decision to convert to Judaism nor are they supportive of me being a Zionist... but you know what? I am okay with that. I do not need non-supportive people in my life! 
 Keir Starmer is A PUPPETS, a hollow puppet and the ones directing him, that is STICKING THEIR HAND IN HIS BUTT are the zionist NWO. He will just act and say what they want. Period 
 Herut Tekla was a Prisoner of Zion. In <number> she was imprisoned by the Ethiopian police on the suspicion of Zionist activities. She was kept in a complete isolation, imprisoned in a dungeon, tortured and abused, suffered from cold and starvation. 
 Incase you been hoodwinked by the lying Zionist media, the attackers openly stated their intentions. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : just found out Hitler's birthday was <number> / <number> , mf was in love with the wrong gas 
 without sounding like a lib, Christ did dine with sinners. I appreciate Nicks modus operandi of having strong Catholic opinions while also being normie enough to be able to be friends at least on speaking terms with zionists and e-women who act respectful enough. 
 Why won’t they show the stuff in the media... . Zionists don’t want white people to stand up. All about power 
 yeah ppl are very tribal and hateful. i do not want to read every instance of anti-scientologism, anti-christianity, w/e... seems it's just weaponized bullshit. also odd that the most anti-semitic movements seem to be funded by zionist maniacs. weird dynamic there 
 Not sure why people are surprised by this Zionist wishing death on innocent elders, when the are murdering innocent elders and children on a daily basis because they believe they can forcefully take what is not theirs. It's time for the world to stand up for justice 
 US supremacist-zionists (of all shades of color, ideology and religion) never give up propping up their supremacist utopia at all costs and any level of error, not to mention any level of immorality. They have no care for people -- "their own" or others. 
 she loves those who hate Jesus, (Zionists) and hates those who love Jesus, (Sunnis) try to understand that she is a lost sheep 
 ( <number> ) ... Palestine Jewish Colonization Association, an article in the "Star of the West" quoted 'Abdu'l-Bahá praising the Zionist movement, proclaiming that "There is too much talk today of what the Zionists are ..." 
 jeesie ware is a zionist. i am devastated 
 This too may help in T0NA law and documented for the OBama <number> SES leftovers and *UN who have foreign allegiance Can be booted off our soil and sent to International court the ZiOnists here do not recognize but do recognize them for crimes as USAinc 
 I just got tired going through it. It’s endless. And I searched only by word “zionist” or “Zionism”. I’m sure if I go by other key words it will be waterfall of hateful crap. 
 You are saying that you prefer the Zionist and MIC/Deep State controlled Trump and his own crime family to the others? 
 Seth Rogen is right, don’t let zionists tell you otherwise. 
 Bevan was a Zionist who supported NATO and helped win an election. The opposite of Corbyn. 
 US is the most toxic country on earth today, so many criminals/kin/cronies using newer methods to maim/kill the dumb/dumber...everything is poisoned under the white zionists/atheists/commies and their kin...evict them all...please now...not everyone has the opportunities I do... 
 I read it and honestly he just seems pretty laser-focused on the case of Ben-Yosef, the alleged murderer of Alex Odeh. I think the judaism or the zionism of is irrelevant. I do not know about David Sheen much tbh but I do not think him being zionist or jewish is relevant. 
 Folks - World Zionist Congress elections begin in less than <number> hours. Before that there's still a chance to pledge your vote to We will send you the link for voting when it gets started. 
 He is no idiot , all Zionist, illuminati or.nwo is to kill masses , the weak link in society, economic crisis , global control, breaking social, culture and religious values. All well planned from decades. But alhamdulialah Allah is the best planner of all ! AMEEN 
 Finally a good statement by . Do not recognise Israel until it goes back to pre <number> borders and accept resolutions. puppets in and will put immense pressure on you but stand tall. Zionists and evangelicals are destroying Middle East. 
 The Jewish indigenous rights movement is literally the opposite of colonialism but young people buy into the anti-Zionist myths all because academics were spreading the Khazar myth and other lies. 
 My thoughts exactly, board of deputies can not be independent British Jewish and pro Israeli lobby group at the same time you are one or the other. And it looks like is Jewish front organisation for Zionist Israeli govt. 
 harry zionist so i will continue to dislike him 
 That’s a Palestinian scarf, it resembles the Palestinian Struggle &amp; has nothing to do with Islam or Muslims. The Criminal Zionists are in control of Washington, DC (America). That’s who we need to all unite against and free this country. We want what’s best for America! Join us! 
 I keep accidentally stumbling into "progressive" zionist instagram and holy shit, the infographics alone... 
 Because that would be a LIE and also because she is not a zionist. 
 I do not doubt that she is a Zionist, but she tweeted this today in response to Mike, it seems. "lmao my tweet was clearly about conservative organizations posting stuff no one cares about at irrelevant times, like TPUSA posting about Israel during a global pandemic (which it did) 
 Where exactly does Yamina stand on Jewish issues?: Take a look at the facts before accusing the religious Zionist parties of ignoring Judaism. ArutzSheva 
 Prominent rabbis established communities in Safed, Jerusalem, and elsewhere during the following three hundred years. By the early nineteenth century years before the birth of the modern Zionist movement more than ten thousand Jews lived through out what is today Israel 
 <percent> true . She hates America, is an anti Zionist, and MARRIED HER BROTHER 
 Yeah go follow Khomaine zionist 
 Antisemitic acts of savagery are committed against the Palestinian Semites on a daily basis by racist Zionist colonizers. 
 zionists are all drop dead hideous no exception 
 I am more interested how the Zionist Ashke-Nazi Jews, had a common name with Nazism than Judaism... The name seem like nothing more than an abbreviation, referring to a group of people? 
 Trump being a neocon puppet does not want troops out. I am becoming disappointed in him. Still a supporter, but want the old Trump back not this zionist Trump. 
 Hezbollah’s goal seems to be to keep their country and more Arab territory from falling into zionist hands, its responses strike me as very carefully considered. Respond when they’re ready. 
 Daily check-in on 
 I wonder what my fists would do if I ever met a Zionist 
 only the united states marine corps united states armed forces navy can beat Israel and the Jewish zionist political network out of the city of London 
 Why? It’s be fair representation. You know everybody. Who would make a good Zionist v anti-Zionist debate? 
 Like a garment Zionists wear... 
 all these stans joking with their natalie pfps being like “do i intimidate you?” “am i scary?” um yes that brown-facing ableist ass zionist bitch does scare me 
 DNA test have proven Palestinians no connection with Philistines. Ask Netanyahu. Another disgusting lie by Zionists to discredit Palestinians. 
 And actually some of these Zionist girls are really pretty but ppl commenting on them like they are ugly and literally bullying them by picking them apart. These ppl cannot be more than <number> years old bc if they are then that’s just....... sad. 
 Stephen: you need to acknowledge that Trump takes orders from the heavily Jewish Deep State, which serves Israel, not the US. Nobody benefits fron Gen. Soleimani’s assassination except the zionist entity, the US’s imperial overlord. 
 Israel has been doing this for <number> years, and the Zionists dream that Israel is a Jewish state, and this is an impossible dream unless they are planning to exterminate half of the population who are not Jews. Follow.. 
 NOAHIDE LAWS RICK!!!! TRUMP SIGNED THEM AND YOU REFUSE TO TALK ABOUT THEM&gt;&gt;&gt;THERE IS NO LEFT OR RIGHT ONLY ZIONISTS GET A CLUE 
 Ah yes, I love when the goy tells me where the movements that literally concern the existence of my religion stem from. Even if that BS was true, no zionist was trying to hear that shit, Yemenites were the first implementer, the first Jewish settlers on that land. 
 .A Zionist who‘s much, much smarter than you. 
 Because he’s zionist and he support israel and I honestly don’t blame zayn when he left the band, not only harry all of them are zionists. F*CK THEM 
 Like you peace loving Zionist Jews that attack and kill Palestinians every day. Corruption and criminals in the government. I hate to think what the ordinary people are like ! 
 she’s just a dumb ass Zionist 
 is International - The Day of the all Oppressed.Lets raise our voice. I strongly condemned the genocidal occupation of Palestine by genocidal Zionist barbarians backed by Western imperialism. 
 TUESDAY <date> : Join Al-Shabaka's latest policy lab on what annexation means, its significance within Zionist thought and Israeli history, and potential avenues for resistance. Speakers: Analysts , &amp; host Register 
 Why are u calling me out and not anyone else ? I’ve done my donations privately I think zionists are utterly disgusting 
 Our troops are there because we must obey our Zionist master Israel 
 The worst part is seeing Zionists claim that emigrating to Israel is decolonization while completely not mentioning the Palestinians are killed and displaced. This is the epitome of privilege. 
 All anti-Zionists always turn out to be anti-Semites. Hook-nosed is not an ideology now, is it. 
 I looked her up. They dated in college. She describes herself as an "ardent Zionist." I am sure McKinnon was just doing the cliche experimentation with the oppression of Palestinians, like wacky coeds do. 
 There are just a few of the thousands of filthy Zionist inspired murders of Palestinian innocents that are killed &amp;/or deliberately persecuted by Zionists every day of the week. ZIONISM'S CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY !!!! 
 And Zionists are a VILE Anti Palestinians 
 David Baddiel far right ultra Zionist 
 Amen! I just keep praying that God's grace will move mightily upon those who are being deceived, but they are willing to receive the light given them when the scriptures can prove the deception and make them free. I was such, and I know the grip of this zionist lie is strong! 
 I have been both accused of being a zionist &amp; of wanting Jewish people killed today. Idk which one is worse rn. I do not support the killing or displacement of Palestinians &amp; that should not mean I am anti-Semitic. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : I wonder how many Germans in the <number> 's said privately, "I do not really like Hitler, but I do not want to be political and… 
 Yes. Learned that from Alex Jones around <number> years ago. He may be a crazy drunk and Zionist shill these days, but AJ was right about the agenda from the start. 
 The ~ <percent> of US Jews who have heard of the World Zionist Congress and thought it was worth shelling out <money> for an online vote can not possibly be the forte. 
 You are exploiting a stupid minority of the Lebanese people for your own benefit and that of the Israeli Zionists, the Lebanese people will fail your projects You are making things very complicated for you and your ally Israel 
 Stalin would probably get cancelled for ranting about "Zionist Trotskyists and Rootless Cosmopolitans" 
 LMAO. Tulsi spoke at AIPAC when others boycotted it. She posed with Zionists Miriam Adelson and Rabbi Schmuley Boteach. Bernie is the best candidate for Palestinians. Why do you think Democrats for an Israel Majority are running negative ads against him? 
 Germany must stop its complicity with the Israeli occupation! And you must know that Israel is a Zionist regime that does not deserve support and encouragement for terror and bloodshed! 
 Bloomberg is a Zionist. 
 Top <number> zionists? — man this not the type of content I wanna get 
 At least he's timid about it Conspiracy theory is the only explanation about among Muslims in MidEast, summarized as follows: * US bio-war against China/Iran * Zionist bioweapon to boost sanitization products sales * US pharmaceuticals plot to sell pre-existing vaccine 
 Sorry Dan, but there are many, many anti-Zionist comments from Corbyn followers on here every day. I am not accusing every Corbyn supporter of posting such comments, but they are quite commonplace. I think they are partly what still links Corbyn with the claims of anti-Semitism 
 You mean Zionists. 
 Just took a quick look at the loser’s page and it’s clear he’s a little teen incel nazi-loving troll pretending to be a Jewish Zionist 
 Zionist forces earlier today declared they arrested a young man in Hebron for being responsible for one of the molotov throwing incidents. Sad that he's probably going to get anywhere from <number> - <number> years. They got access to many cameras in areas like Hebron and above this they got 
 With the risk of sounding like a vulgar anti humanist: it is the nature &amp; the unique functions of capitalism that ultimately lead to imperialism. Not purely the individuals controlling capital, &amp; certainly not some "zionist kabal doing the US' bidding". nazi "socialists" fuck off 
 Sheeeesh debate with a about a topic and your phone wont stop blowing up. Drop the question: are jews and non-jews the same? And its like putting your phone on mode 
 No, no, no! just passed away. He was <number> . Douglas was not only one of the finest actors ever, he was also a mensch, a proud Jew and a Zionist! May his memory always be blessed! 
 I’m the suburbs for <number> minutes already yelling about Isr**l w my librul Zionist family. Send help. 
 They control europe and america.. Now <number> % of Christian follow the path of zionist.. They broke Christianity in different secs 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : . STOP COMPARING A JEWISH PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE TO HITLER YOU PIECE OF VILE SHIT 
 In America u hav right to criticize the president or u have right to criticize what u want and whoever u want whenever u want But to criticize actual ruler this is one of major sins and prohibitions And the actual ruler is Zionist lobby by recognition themselves 
 It’s not God it’s Illuminati Zionists shit 
 Yes there Zionists Luciferians from the West Coast Seattle and Portland 
 Despicable US absolving Turkish invasion of northern Syria, while Apartheid Zionist state supports ISIS taking over SYRIA, by toppling a SECULAR goverment. Get my drift 
 this is Trump and Pompeo's usa and the GOP and tea party USA. one vote for trump is more killing and extermination and execution black on street in public white American cops job be mass persecution and lynching of blacks,it's Zionist Tea Party America 
 Hes got saudi and.zionist sugar daddies 
 Who's the bigot? War pig, Zionist criminal. Your crimes are visible. The blood of Innocents is on your head. You cannot escape your judgment. 
 JAHANAM,ITS FUEL IS MEN AND STONES,YOU ARE CURSED,DONT THINK DAJJAL AND <number> OF YOU ZIONIST,WINS,LOLOLOL, 
 Zionist version It can take a lot of effort from you, but you are in the agressor s point of view, not in the victim's. Israel is not a true state. It is a military base for USA in the middle east occupied by tourist invasion and stealing of land. This Israel is not jew or hebrew 
 "their strategic power positions, and networks" Yeah, you are either trolling or ignorant. Zionist Jews have all the influence--media, banking, war departments, DC lobbies. Where is a muslim lobby? US is hostile to Muslims--funding ISIS, Israel support, regime change wars. 
 It is literally the opposite, israel has whole entire political action conferences in the US. The entire US govt is themself a zionist or is controlled by zionists. 
 In past <number> years it has not been dealt with and it some cases it has been engineered by some fractions. RS is like few others on social media the foot soldiers of that strategy. Some of us have been called, Zionist, red Tory, right winger, basically because we didnt agree with them 
 Never heard of him. and I am blocked. He must troll Zionists and block them. Who is he? 
 the words of a true anti American zionist 
 Does not matter though, Zionist song... 
 Zionists act like they had no choice but to drop a state on Palestinians... like you could’ve just moved there and there wouldn’t be a problem 
 Zionism is EVIL! The Zionist Apartheid Theocracy (Talmudic-Supremacism) Terror State of Israel, is the Poster Child for an entity, that is the, 'Enemy of Mankind!' Peace! Salam! Shalom! 
 Your fave is literary a Zionist and he queer bates 
 Are you nuts or do you start your mornings reading your operation mockingbird email talking points with your coffee. Or could you be a Zionists? How is the weather in Tell Aviv? 
 this is the true face of the barbaric extremely cruel zionist terrorist savages, who slaughter for sports &amp; fun with total impunity, thanks to USA, Canada, Australia and EU countries. Slaughtering Palestinians randomly and leave them to bleed to death on the street like a dog! 
 I’m on the left &amp; I’m a Zionist. 
 Bernies a Zionist like the rest 
 He is a mislead Christian Zionist - in that name anything against Israel must be crushed. I don’t think Jesus Christ would be ok with that. So he is mislead and lost. Religion is about benevolence not evil. 
 Lmao she lives in LA she's not even a real Zionist. 
 Eliot Engel is a zionist so why is he in our government? 
 She's not a victim, so no one needs to speak up for her. Besides, all the other NYT op-ed writers are her ideological kin. You will still get your daily dose of zionist, neoliberal propaganda from them. 
 We have been deceived, family. Democrat and Republican leadership are by Zionist bankers. That's our problem. Antifa &amp; BLM are funded by Soros, just like Trump is owned by Rothschild &amp; Rockerfeller mobsters. I just pointed to the source of divide &amp; conquer scheme. 
 no.. you are just making excuses to explain away his Zionist wizardry connections. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : Properly horrifying interview- please read and retweet: 'I Felt Like A Jew In Hitler's Germany': Sadaf Jafar On Police… 
 Actually Bernie is a J Street funded Zionist settler. 
 I voted Burgon, but RLB is a Zionist too far. 
 When I was a young man I thought that Israel was an American state, and after I became an old man I realized that America and Europe are Zionist Israeli states. 
 The Zionist are using money to Oppress the Palestinian people. I thought you all bible says do unto others as you will have others do unto you. Anti-zionism is not anti-Semitism 
 Expected comment from a proud Zionist. lol 
 Any statue of any Zionist, is free game too. Or any statue of any involved in the stealing of palestine from the palestinians. . 
 transnational corporations and zionists, not Putin, control america 
 Absolute cowardice, typical of Zionists. 
 In the same way that the government ignores crimes against people of color in , they turn a blind eye to the horrible crimes of the usurper Zionist regime. -Ayatollah 
 My betting is on Zionists coming in before the Russians. 
 the zionists themselves are anti semitic. 
 Oh jesus. You are a self-proclaimed Zionist. Nothing progressive about theft, racism and support for murdering poor people. 
 Woah there bud, no need to get all up in arms about it. I just wish you said: Zionists have created a view of the jewish people as opposed to a more just society. This has and will continue to lead to antisemitism. thats all. 
 'Beat Up Zionists': NY Doctor Tweets Violent Anti-Semitic Incitement, Permitted to Treat Jews | United with Israel 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : ppl always wonder how in the world did Hitler gain the support of the German people, and it’s really quite simple,… 
 Ironically, AIPAC may have more sway over old guard Democrats like Biden than it has over Republicans, who increasingly seem to be following the lead of Christian Evangelical Zionists on Israel policy. 
 In Truth it's Zionists who hate their own Jewish people, that's why they helped Nazis send fellow Jews to concentration camps, 
 Director of Turkey's Quds TV: was the key person in preventing the coup in Turkey in <number> . said this in a televised statement. He said:General Soleimani stood in front of the US-Zionist-Saudi plot to overthrow on <date> 
 I'd love to know how is supposed to be interfering with Is saying is associated with &amp; acting under instruction from the / an interference in ?? Surely we all know there is no such thing as a 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : hitler's palestinian ally the hajj amin al husseini was never sentenced for his ww2 cri… 
 The British gov. re-interpreted the Balfour Declaration, throwing a wrench in Zionist plans. B.G. authorized Haganah "special squads" to attack Arabs. In public, he disavowed this, but took no action to stop it. British offices were bombed, killing dozens. 
 .you are not a zionist are you? cause if you are not thats just purely mean 
 An entity built on mass destruction of hundreds of Palestinian villages &amp; cities, mass exodus of <number> , not to mention mass murder of all who resisted... to fulfill a Zionist wet dream not based in historical reality... it's a slap in the face when it calls itself secular 
 not calling him a zionist too 
 Oh, so like I said, there is no difference huh? In fact, I’d say that Biden is far worse and much more dangerous than Trump. Might as well keep the Zionists, racist, rapist conservative we have. 
 By comparison, the progressive Zionist Hashomer Hatzair youth movement (in my day, at least) had the symbols of attachment to Israel (Israeli flag, sang Hatikvah, etc.), but never the slavish obedience to an Israeli PM. 
 Send them back! It's way less expensive than keep them! They are illitarates, no education and incompatible with the italian lifestyle. FY zionist Soros! 
 Of course, there is a hierarchy of racism that places these rabidly racist "religious leaders" above reproach. Oh, that and their Zionist "Lobby". 
 Israel: Following the incident on the Northern border yesterday, the Zionists Israeli regime IDF estimates today that Hezbollah's response to the killing of one of its operatives in Syria last week could reach as early as the next <number> hours. <date> 
 Dear little Zionist. I Know that your eyes will not believe what you see. Because you are the same criminals and you do not know the meanings of human values. 
 All the fires in West Asia is made in Israel, Yemenis know that two, that's why they chant against KSA,Zionists,USA together. 
 DO NOT ACCEPT THIS! by BigPharm Zionists ....Wolf Smuzness injected "Hepatitis B vaccine" into gays NYC late 1970s AT THE SAME TIME as W.H.O. was injecting "Hepatitis B Vaccine" into sub saharan Africans ----&gt; AIDS EXPLODED IN BOTH POPULATIONS 
 Jeremy and those who want to speak out are silenced by the Zionist media moguls... 
 "Former Israeli Foreign Minister, Moshe Arens: reveals that when trying to get Edelman an award of an honorary doctorate ‘I ran into stubborn opposition in Israel.’ These were the Zionists' establishment historians, such as Yehuda Bauer," 
 He did not plan that. He was not a zionist. He wanted all jews dead. He thought it was his gift to the human race. Jews were not lower on the racial pyramid they existed outside of it and needed to be destroyed. 
 I won’t and can’t vote for a Zionist. 
 Revenge of Sardar's blood only will be compensated with The blood of the Zionists So...! 
 I did warn in my reply that Zionists hate this picture. They hate it almost as much as I hate the Zionist Entity currently occupying Palestine. However, non-zionist Jewish believers I have no problem with. 
 Umm Zionist billionaire Sheldon Aldelson owns him, along with the banksters, war profiteers, eternal war machine, slumlord Jared Kushner etc. Seeing this dim witted puppet as a maverick is hilarious. You are missing Hannity. 
 Israel is full of Russians. The majority of Zionists Criminals come from Ex Soviets (Russia) Netanhayu is POLISH 
 Good Question. I dont know. I cant figure out how he had over <number> children in Afghanistan killed and continued to smile. Be he ALWAYS smiled , obediently in photos, whenever Netanyahu TOLD him he was coming to the White House. Yes, the Zionist NEVER needed an invite. 
 "Zionist" + "Monarchist" ???? 
 Would those by any chance be *anti-Semitic* conspiracy theories that you think Seth is feeding by, you know, opposing anti-Semites? "I am not anti-Semitic, just anti-Zionist. But given how those Jews behave, anti-Semitic conspiracy theories are sort of understandable..." 
 Hold up. Are you saying Bet-David and Schiff are both Zionists? 
 You are referring to a different universe perhaps, because Zionist are terrorist 
 1000s of reckless neocon &amp; Zionist delegates at CPAC &amp; AIPAC spreading all over our beloved America b/c of their huge conferences in March. CRAZY!!! 
 (((I’m an anti-Zionist, you piece of shit))) 
 You: *arent antisemitic* Partisan Girl: this must be the fault of zionist shenanigans 
 Also people lives very happily there in Iran.. They dont like the regime (that 7sisters organised) but most of them are having the joy of life.. The sharia and islam and christianiy and judaism are all same trap of zionists.. i never believe such stupid zionist fairy tales! 
 Do not trust Zionists they will break your heart and kill your cousin Maher 
 <percent> of Dati where such coverings, but <percent> wear different head coverings ( <percent> wear none). So to think he's refering to Zionists or Datim is at best dishonest 
 Zionists and Nazi collaboration 
 For Israel and the Zionists a holes that you Bernie stand up to. You will make a great President 
 Despite the existence of a few non-Jewish Zionists &amp; non-Zionist Jews, Zionism is primarily a Jewish movement &amp; in the collective consciousness is equated w/Jews. If you are trying to say differently, you are being deceitful. Anti-Zionism=Anti-Semitism, and that is true w/you. 
 Yes, I agree with most of this. But IMO Western Gov’ts and MSM (which are more or less controlled by Zionists) tend to promote certain alleged “threats” that Israel sees as advantageous in terms of trying to get their Western stooges to attack (e.g. Iraq in <number> ) 
 No Zionist is the enemy of the world 
 He's literally not a Zionist, but go off, bot. 
 In context of this tweet, it’s final word, “holocaust” and comments about Bar Mitzvahs, it’s clear to me that “they” refers to Jews. Which bothers me a lot. Been admiring Wyatt for a long time and am no Zionist, but this theme in his writing? 
 really can’t stand ariana grande anymore after she surpassed my girl with her fraudulent strihms funded by her zionist manager 
 Catholic is better than Zionist 
 "Criminals In Action" - what amercans used to call the CIA - these days renamed "Catholics In Action" suggesting that the Vatican is the infiltrator of America &amp; its' takeover. Let us face it, the defunked roman empire covertly took-over the vatican, satanist (zionist) by nature. 
 I am sure there is no lack of lawyers already lined up to sue Iran for $Billions... 
 — Zoe is a pretty and charismatic bw. What does Captain save-a-zionist have for himself? 
 This news was taken from the spokesperson for the Zionist enemy, Avichai Adrai 
 Why “pretend”? They are not “real” Poles? Why not? Because they moved? Or because they are not RC? Or what? Marxists or Zionists? I support the state of Israel strongly. But I also support Poland’s right of self-determination. 
 u already know its gonna be the zionist 
 If you have ever called someone a "Zionist" as an insult, you just might be an antisemite. 
 Pakistani will not be part of Zionist plan but yes few elements could try this 
 of is openly a . She is a hardcore and supports ('s Man In Damascus), (Israel's Man in Cairo) &amp; (Israel's friend in ) 
 I do not know. The Good Jew/Bad Jew dichotomy has been foundational to Christian Zionism from the very beginning-- a tendency that Zionists like Brandeis and Weitzmann were happy to encourage. A variation on the "Some of My Best Friends" species of antisemitism. What's new here? 
 A weapon to terrorize and kill civilians to occupy further land. And a camera to film the bloodshed as if Palestinians themselves gathered all the Zionists from around the world in their lands to kill them! 
 Trump administration embraces a vision of nuclear armament dictated by Netanyahu and the Zionists. they will destroy us. wake up Americans. 
 I am not sure where it was taken but assuming Tehran circa early 20th century. These gentlemen are part of the Zionist Federation in Iran. 
 When white Media told us that Zuma is corrupt they forgot to tell us that Zuma is not a Satanist, Zuma is not taking orders from the evil Zionists and Zuma does not need black people's blood to stay in power. Furthermore, Zuma never prepare graves for us while we still alive... 
 Every US Administration goes through this ritual of a Middle East Peace Plan. It gives the appearance something is being done and the Zionist Regime is willing to be reasonable. But of course it is all just theater and designed to fail. 
 You’re right— nothing wrong with being a Zionist... so why do you equate a Zionist group like with an anti-Zionist group like 
 Bernie oppose AUMF but vote for every single Israhell funding when Israhell firsters wrote the AUMF... typical zionist. 
 She's no Zionist,she was forced into a situation by the other candidates 
 That’s its primary political representation in Israeli politics. Are you suggesting differently? And calling me a Zionist is some hilarious Ben Shapiro calling Andrew Neil a Leftist bullshit 
 But you don’t even have to be a supporter of the existence of the state to be a Zionist. It’s a nebulous term. 
 "reaganite, thatcherite, zionist" deeply cursed 
 Here's the writings of the great Israeli Zionist writer Sarah Tuttle-Singer: 
 Mandate ended <date> . You said the King David Hotel <date> was one of the last Zionist attacks. It wasn't. Pre <number> - <date> Jacob Israël de Haan assassinated by Avraham Tehomi for his anti-Zionism. Now almost <number> years of Zionist terrorism &amp; assassinations. 
 following that, the evil US Zionist deep state enlisted the help of Kennedy's siblings and niece in order to smear Kennedy Jr. as a conspiracy theorist and accuse him of spreading ''dangerous mis-info''. Using government media presstitutes like politico, Washington Post, etc... 
 I call the occupied part of Palestine the Zionist Entity, I refuse to use its common name. Zionism is NOT Judaism ; I know I am a Jew. Zionism is a right wing racist regime NOT a religion. Please use when referring to occupied Palestine 
 ADL is a Zionist organization. They could not care less about Jews in America. 
 Real Jews already have the trust of the Labour party, it's only Zionist supporting criminals that do not like socialists 
 By all means; no rational person would say anti-Zionism always <percent> means a person is anti-Semitic. However I argue <percent> of the time it’s a good litmus test. Plus in <number> it’s a non-starter to be anti-Zionist. Israel exists, get over it people. 
 Fukk this worn out Zionist bit** 
 The term Zionist needs to be defined does not it? 
 You’re a Zionist. 
 Where does support for a Zionist state fit with point <number> and Israel's treatment of Palestinians ? 
 Doesn’t sound like any nuclear explosion either. Dont buy the zionist hype... 
 Dershowitz is a scum bag Zionist! He will be defending a lunatic racist, pathological narcissist, mobster, pathological liar, coward draft dodger ..... OMG! I hope we can restore and keep our democracy for which so many lives were lost! 
 Afraid not. Many Zionists are not Jewish and many Jews are not zionists 
 No one can be as vile as the East European Zionists and the terrorist Israhelli Occupational Force Living on stolen land. 
 stans throwing the word zionist around like its free candy nothing new on stan twitter 
 Even Hajj Amin al-Husseini admitted that Arabs and the Ottomans sold land to the Zionists. Oh, he also admitted that absentee landlords evicted their tenants and that most of those tenants were Lebanese and not ''Palestinians''. 
 Loved You With Your A Great Ambassador For Zionist. 
 Swiss National accused of misappropriating funds intended to help refugees living under siege, Zionists blame the refugees and the besieged. You’re. A. . 
 Local zionist thug Simon Cobbs was last seen threatening someone outside a local Jewish event. Only stopped when passersby intervened. Is this the kind of person the BoD endorses? 
 Yes, they are Jews. Just like Nazis were Germans. Do not like it? Then do something to shut down the Zionists and turned the Racist Fascist Zionist Apartheid Israel around as Germans did with the Nazis. 
 Idk, what do Zionists usually do to calm down? Rape their daughters or beat their wives? Usually one of the two, history suggests, right? 
 Imagine even having a brand to rate 
 For Zionists, only Jews qualify. 
 That Pastor is an evangelical Christian Zionist and a fruitcake. Some such ‘Zionists’ strongly support Israel because they hate Jews and want them out of America. Others see Israel as important to speeding up the second coming etc 
 Most of the government officials, at least on a federal level, are Marxist/Zionist. Any way you want to look at it, they are anti-White.. 
 Destroy the devil and the black palace of the Zionists with your weapons in the name of God and Jesus Christ. 
 Thank you for your bravery Colonel. The evil zionist NAVAIR and their Israeli overlords will not get away with this... 
 Palestinian Christians under Israeli occupation speak out via MUST, MUST HEAR Christian Arabs in BETHLEHEM!!! 'Zionist Christians'--(SHAME ON UR IGNORANCE) 
 The truth...here is the truth about what you present as completely fabricated to advance zionist agenda. 
 Zionists are crying in the comments lol 
 save him from working with a zionist 
 It's not Iran, this is the ISIS which is founded by Zionists with the help of vicious government like Saudi Arabia and USA. In fact, this is in stark contrast with Iran which is a Shia Muslim while ISIS is based on wahabism, a branch of sunni Muslims, not shia. 
 Jews become Zionists because they’re scared, not because they want to murder Palestinians. They see an obligation to help Jews be safe. Israel, in many Jewish people’s eyes, is a beacon of safety. 
 Actually, the Satmar, who bore the brunt of two of the worst attacks last month, are stridently anti-Zionist. Mainstream Jewish groups are supporting this rally even though the Satmar position is an outlier. 
 Honored to meet the US Ambassador to Israel, !!!! 
 There are numerous oppressed people in the world. They’re impatiently waiting for the one to come and save them from the Zionists and their advocates. That day is very close. 
 Since when Zionist care about lives they kill then act hypocrites. 
 You are a Jewish and not supportive of Israel. At the same time, there are Jews who commit crimes against Palestinians Likewise, there are people among us who love Jews and do not confuse Jews and Zionists. So dear, do not look at the few extremists 
 It’s crazy how many people’s perspective are direct narratives of mainstream media and the Rockefeller public schooling system. Y’all trying to debate me using snoops and a <number> min Zionist run google search engine. Man is it frustrating trying to wake up the masses when they don’t 
 Why are you throwing your toys out of the pram? These people are concerned about the loss of the hard won and deservedly good reputation of Judaism and the Jews because of the pathological behaviour of the Zionists who are in charge. 
 No need to waste time on her.. Before she was an RSS hindu apologist and now a Zionist apologist. All the Ahaadith are coming true and this is the beginning of the end.. INSHALLAH 
 I don’t think Rabbi Shapiro was expressing an opinion on the what legal arrangement Jews and Palestinians should live under, though I assume he thinks it should be equitable. He was just deconstructing theological claims concocted by Zionists to justify their colonial project. 
 Another reminder that if you are a zionist block me you’re unwelcome here 
 I’m praying that every Neocon Zionist war hawk parishes and goes to hell 
 Darby &amp; Scofield are being used by political Zionists to support Gentile Jews false claim of being Israelites for purpose of occupying Jerusalem to help them rule this world as strategic place to control lands of Persian &amp; Egyptian empire's trade routes between Asia &amp; Europe! 
 Jews and zionists control almost all media 
 Well, not quite "Judas-ism", since he also followed Christ--at least physically. No, I think, as he Judas walked with, ate with, and considered himself a disciple of Christ--and then ultimately sold him out to the Jewish priests, we ought say he was a "Christian Zionist". 
 tell that to thousands of Palestinians it’s literally an ANTI- palestine series she worked on with full consent. please look up the definition of zionist thank you 
 there's something queer about being a zionist, does anyone else feel this way 
 My next guess was gonna be zionist/accelerationism 
 Yes out &amp; out Zionists, who support Israeli govts acts of discrimination against Palestinians, always attempt to say you are anti-jew/racist when is not true at all! Many ppl of Jewish faith also disagree with way Israeli govt treats Palestinians! 
 How would you like reading your own message if Zionists would be swapped with Muslims? You would not like it would you? I know. Racist dummies like you do struggle with the shoe on the other foot concept. 
 And we wish the Palestinian people the same strength to overcome the Zionist aggression and Occupation contrary to the teachings of the Torah. 
 exactly. and using the word zionist is pretty bold. of course he does not support the war crimes going on. he supports his israeli fans just like he does the rest of his fans. i do not undertand how ppl r comfortable just throwing that word arounf 
 "Peace Deal" *Zionist 
 How far we have progressed 
 How dare they? The outrageousness of this tiny minority of reactionary Zionist Jews pretending it's about antisemitism and telling what to do. - if you let them get away again with tarring Corbyn .... 
 FULL OF SHIT Pence, got vaccinated with Zionist POISON !! Does he knows the <number> israelis having fun when towers were ...‘Low Point in US Politics’ as Pence Shares ‘Crazy Conspiracy Theory’ About Iran, that Soleimani was Behind the <number> / <number> Attacks. via 
 Just like Zionist terrorists drove the Brits out of Palestine so they could overrun it militarily and self-spawn Israel outside of UN protocol Israel later attacked US diplomats 
 He is also a Zionist 
 Huh? You think the Charles Lindbergh video is about Jews? It's about an American hero encouraging other to stay out of a war that does not have anything to do with America. You are in serious need of a factual history lesson. Do not get so triggered when people say Zionist(ism) 
 The House of Saud is in denial but Iran is check-mated by Obama without firing a shot. She is neutered, hungry and ready to go. Her job description is to delete HoS, from the Petrodollar. It’s just business, besides this divide-and-conquer thing has a long Zionist history. 
 Why? If you are saying that Zionist Jews exert too much power over the UK body politic, then I would agree with you. 
 Voting for no one since the zionists own them 
 Assalamualaikum sister These Indian politicians (mainly bjp with rss) are surely supporting the Zionist organization so that they could fulfill the NEW WORLD ORDER.Also at this time they are planning something big, something which is more worse than the past,to attack Muslims 
 should be terminated as a state... it is giving a lot of pain to the rest of the world and even to its own ppl, some of whom are wonderful. nothing good is coming out from this part of the world, just violence and hate. zionist and look like the fourth reich 
 No surprise, they bow under wishes of the zionist lobbying groups to silence any descending voice exposing their ugly &amp; criminal practices in Palestine and remove any Palestenian content from the media showing them in a bad light, that's all. 
 lol this is specifically a bone being tossed out to my hometown. Loving having antisemitic Evangelical hardline Zionists as neighbors.............................................. Moreover, ICE must be destroyed 
 THE ZIONIST COLONIZATION OF PALESTINE Israel is an apartheid state that rivals and often surpasses the onetime savagery and racism of apartheid South Africa. via 
 This f..king EVIL, the occupiers of Palestine, aka, IsraHELL has got to stop this Madness! They are just as sinister as their partner in Crime, the US Zionist Govt. And they said, Nazi Germany was Evil? These monsters take a Back Seat, to NO one! 
 There is no such thing as anti-zionist just anti-ethnonationalist and anti-kahanist 
 Zionist aerial attacks in Syria only escalate tensions in region 
 Pretty much.. IMMA PROUD ZIONIST AMERICAN. 
 Treacherous/selfish act by , betraying all &amp; even to kiss &amp; bow at bloody hands of convicted zionist murderers/occupiers of nuclear apartheid regime &amp; mossad mercenaries for vested interest/trade, fallen dorks. 
 Point here. There's a difference between Zionists and our Jewish friends. Bibi is a Zionist. Period 
 Doncha just love these Zionist arseholes? 
 to all the righteous striving in the world working towards a &amp; to liberate from the hijacking &amp; deviation. came to spread peace &amp; justice not corruption &amp; injustice. loves the 
 why would u guess a zionist like why would u even suggest it 
 It hurts to say but I have known for awhile now we are going to war with Iran no matter what. All you have to do is listen to Trump's Zionist donors and cabinet. 
 C'mon Rubin is a known Zionist sympathizer, no surprise there that he denigrating Muslims... 
 Fcuking Falling to Zionist threatening. 
 That's putting it mildly. is a RACIST colony from start to (soon, please God) finish. When the came ethnic-cleansing and murdering they came after . If this is not racist, what is? 
 God knows there's centuries of unexpected death in ourDNA Odd for me to say, as a fervent anti , but had a similar persecuted history aswith unexpected events Do not have much hope will fair better from today's 
 Bernie is a Zionist (along with all the other candidates). I’m tired of y’all promoting him. Everyone running is trash. We’re doomed either way. 
 did u remember that one tweet that was like "i have never seen a pretty zionist" and then EVERY SINGLE ONE STARTED CRAWLING OUT OF THE WOODWORK TO POST A FACE REVEAL???? 
 I am thinking their anger is directed in the wrong direction if they would wake up and get the blinders off they might see that's Trump has threw America and the people under the bus he is a Kabbalah witchcraft participating Zionist ok not a good combination 
 Anarcho zionist. What an oxymoron. You do realise how dense you ate? Sorry, you can not answer that. 
 ARE YOU FOR REAL? Hang the Zionist bastard! 
 Anybody who blames Jews for the suffering of Palestinians is wrong. That is like blaming Germans for the horrors of fascism. The Zionist terrorist state of Isreal is a political entity not a religion, race or creed. It is barbaric and evil. 
 No, here ramifying Zionist &amp; Jew. Those who are leaving Israel want nothing to do with Zionism. The same with Moroccan. Tunisian Jews who are returning to their original homelands. This is different from those who applying Spanish pass, w/o roots there, just to buy real estates. 
 Award winning American investigative journalist uncovered it all. Mossad, Israeli Zionist govt along with "American" traitors. It's so easily explained yet such damning evidence that US cannot except it. Israel's existence balances on LIES! 
 McInnes is still facepalming over the Dems and high fiving the Zionists 
 WITHOUT DOUBT when is conspicuously, UNEQUIVOCALLY CLEAR BETWEEN THOSE WHO ABANDONED ISLAM, DESCENDED TO DECADENCE AND ALLIED WITH THE ZIONISTS. 
 I am familiar with the whole story, &amp; the tricks the Zionists played on the JFK's Administration to conceal their Dimona nuclear reactor. What's laughable is the international community's acceptance of rogue Israel's "strategy of nuclear ambiguity"! Farcical! 
 Any damn religious radical is a threat...as an outsider I see the are the most aggressors and greatest threat, today 
 The truth is that rabid Zionists like the anonymous coward who runs this Twitter page not only hate Palestinians, but they also hate their fellow Jews (including many of my Jewish friends) because they stand up for Palestinian rights. "stopantisemism. org" is hate platform. 
 insta stans are a whole other fucking breed. with my whole chest i promise i’m not anti semitic. what i am ? is anti zionist there a huge fucking difference 
 How come you think and believe in your mind that it is something to do with Jewish influences? Why not Zionist influences? 
 On the one hand, I definitely wish I'd paid more attention and stayed connected growing up. On the other, I'd probably still be a zionist so... I will call it a wash 
 Yes this is a Zionist position. America and Israel are becoming increasingly indistinguishable. 
 No, Yang is a Zionist &amp; centrist with horrible foreign policy. Yang said he would not cut the billions the USA gives to Israel to massacre Palestinians with impunity, does NOT support the B.D.S. movement nor moving the U.S. Embassy in Israel back to Tel-Aviv from Jerusalem. 
 and thats for being a zionist 
 Do u know what “disobedient” means? Zionist theology is a deceptive theology that has deceived millions into worshipping the StarOfRemphan 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : “It’s Payback Time”: With Acquittal Certain, Trump Plots Revenge on Bolton, Impeachment Enemies | Vanity Fair WILL HE HANG… 
 *FollowingUp||* Zionist settlers cut <number> olive trees from the lands of Nahalin, west of Bethlehem. @ Nahalin 
 One of the agendas of the Zionists/Marxists is to demonize white people. 
 i really hate it when people called him "zionist guy" ik there's a lot of proofs out there but he's not even confirming it yet so pls just called him by his name alright 
 They broke it to help Britain. Zionists just murdered the British while Britain fought the Nazis. It was deliberate. My enemy’s enemy is my friend 
 They keep pushing that agenda, weaponizing AS has backfired on the rightwing zionist, apartheid state of Israel, it is not AS to tell the truth. 
 Good lmao I have no intent of working below a Zionist nor a peon 
 This is a must read profile of a living hero 
 Or perhaps the advantage was that the group was not perceived as a group. Law enforcement, for example, expects similar people are working together. They think the Nazi guy has nothing to do with the Black Panther guy, or the Zionist guy. A diverse gang flies under the radar. 
 Those who lecture us on antisemitism .. The majority of British Jews are self confessed Racists Full Fact: <number> in <number> British Jews support the right of Israel to exist as a 'Racist' State. Are the majority of British Jews Zionists? 
 <number> -two USA fighter airplanes are shot down in Afghanistan <number> -one Zionists_terrorists fighter airplane was shot down in Occupied Palestine <number> -In Syria, Iran_Syria_resistant_allies captured Khantuman city and the last occupied ISIS regions which are being so small , are captured 
 I said he continued the wars. He did not end them like he promised. He made them worse. He even started regime change with Venezuela and worsened the situation with Iran. He's a fucking Zionist that wants to send US troops to die for Israel. 
 If you love your country you wouldnt accept for your rulers to be DOGS for Trump and Netanyahu.... the mentality of calling other humans as "pigs" and "Animals" is a Zionist character and unfortunately some Saudis like you...you are sick in the heart,and you call your self "Eng" 
 That’s a very very long time ago! They’ve lived and made their livelihoods on these palestinians lands for well over a thousand years before they were uprooted by violent zionists like David Ben Gurion 
 Zionist? Where do you get that from?? 
 JEWISH MURDERERS TERRORIST RACISTS ISRAEL, YOU ARE MORE POISON THAN THE VENOM OF A ZIONIST COBRA! WAIT TILL THE ANGEL OF DEATH VISITS EACH AND EVERYONE OF YOU JEWISH TROLLS!! ISRAELIS ARE THE LARGEST TERRORIST SCUM ON THE PLANET! <number> Quote Tweet 
 ...Your an Amazing Lady Whitney..I have known and read a lot about the zionist regime...God Bless and Keep Strong. 
 Botafogo is the most traditional club in Brazil!! We would love to have you here 
 Oh. Oh. He's doing the thing again. as capital &amp; stealing land. The Is this the card he wants to play for re-election? He gets big Jewish money &amp; the Zionist vote. A very alienating feature of this presidency. A big negative. 
 was highly populated before arrived &amp; U lot can play whatever game U like - I get that you`ve won, don`t have a chance &amp; their future is unclear to me, but to have U lot twist &amp; let that stand = FU 
 You can not blame your issues on another race. If a pity party is what you want they are a dime a dozen. I think if one hates themselves there is help and support for them. Talk with Rabbis and Jews who do not believe in Zionist idealogy. 
 Of course there are some anti-Zionists with anti-Semitic tendencies but I’m an atheist so take my opinion with a grain of salt because this debate is freakishly long and complicated and does not seem to be coming to an end any time soon 
 Indeed, it should act more brutally ... because Zionists, Isis, Saudi families have no friends, and frighten their own best friends. 
 Is Ali Abunimah erasing my comments w/o notice, as it appears? "One step over the line" &amp; then into the void? Do slogans like D <number> I for "Death To Israel" and L U Z for "Lock Up Zionists" frighten "EI" into instant censorship? Robust debate necessary <number> a movement's growth? 
 okay but as i said some zionists may be terrorists but most are peaceful. u cannot generalize. just bc some zionists think that violence is okay (and unfortunately those zionists represent us) does not mean all do 
 You would be surprised. Tulsi doesn’t seem to get much live from Zionists because she sat down with Assad on a fact-finding mission, sent by Trump. I understand that some people want to keep US troops in Syria and Iraq because it benefits Israel, but I care more about Americans 
 The idea that Jews are responsible for the barbarity of the Zionist regime in occupied Palestine is the equivalent of blaming Christians for the crimes of the Nazis. 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : God : *invents Hitler* Everyone : Satan's evil 
 Okay seriously what the fuck? 
 The star of remphan right above the declaration that God Himself made, and they want to claim they are being targeted by antisemitism? You have to be a Jew first for that apply. And last I checked Zionists were they who claim to be Jews but are not. Goat in sheep's clothing. 
 It's ridiculous, but Zionism is not going anywhere. Miller is going to have to decide if he hates Zionists more than he cares about Palestinians. 
 Zionists never start to begin with 
 True about the older generation but the guy’s a Zionist in addition to racist 
 no there’s a difference because they were calling l0uis a rat which is something that he scientifically can’t be and was used for hateful purposes. this one calls harry a zionist which he isn 
 DMs. I do not even know how to do that. Is your account set up so that people can not send you private messages? 
 Never can mention the zionists or you are out. 
 Even for the small fringe of Jews who are anti-Zionist, this is a problematic erasure. De-Judaizing Jesus is part of the history of Christian religious anti-Semitism, as it is a cornerstone of the false charge of deicide and other historical persecution of Jews in Europe. 
 Scam alert ! Sneaky Zionist liar singing voice. 
 And if you can go that far you will find you must have been an African since both Moses and his brother undeniably were.Yes, they fought pharaoh injustice and logically can’t support Zionist injustice today. Interestingly both are buried in Jordan,their graves revered by Muslims. 
 It happened the day starmer, the centrist choice, unapologetically zionist, was made leader. Everything thats happened since is academic 
 The Zionist Israeli Commie Lobby ALWAYS tries to undermine and harm the United States of America ! 
 We mean the USA terrorism regime, not the American people. American people are killed by these terrorism zionists. They do not care about poor people, for zionists, money is God. 
 No, he's not. Omar has a history of saying that lobbyists chase profits, that's it. This 'anti-semitic' smear is not only itself anti-semitic (criticism of Israel/Zionists is not criticism of Jews) but also just a dishonest attempt to smear Omar into silence. He's a bigot. 
 Weird phrasing on my part. It’s all unfortunate, whether the displacement was initially funded by early zionists or evangelicals would be equally bad. Anyway, the narrative that it was evangelicals overseas driving this would be convenient for some folks but is mostly untrue. 
 Facebook has been taken over by Zionists, it employs Zionists execs &amp; Mark Zuckerberg is a Zionist alleged to be a Rockefeller (Jacob Greenberg real name) - 
 in <number> Zionists have bought Palestinian lands and killed thousands of them to occupy it. at first it was some small Zionist settelments. But gradually, these settlements grew larger and became what is now Israel. 
 Regrettable &amp; all as those figures may be firstly not all were killed by Palestinians; as you well know. Many were killed fighting by British &amp; many killed by Egyptians Syrians Jordanians Iraqis. The history is littered with how thousands of Palestinians were murdered by Zionists 
 Granada TV, Yorkshire TV, BBC, All zionist organisations. They controll our whole agends. Every word. There all working in the civil service now., writing ( making up) new propaganda for virus with a mind of its own??? Mind of a zionist more like. Zion flu! 
 PROPHET MUHAMMED WARNED ALL MAN KIND HE SAID IN THE END TIMES WORLD WILL DIVIDE IN <number> GROUPS ONE GROUP WILL BE ON RIGHT PATH MEANING PATH OF HOLY JESUS CHRIST AND OUR CREATOR ...ALLAH 2ND GROUP WILL B RIGHT EVIL AND WILL B WITH DEVIL ANTI CHRIST <percent> ZIONISTS 
 Ask the Zionists. 
 Israel no longer exists, it has become the Fascist Zionist Nation. 
 In a letter to the community, Ritch asserted that antisemitism and public attacks through social media on her identity as a Zionist contributed to her decision to resign. 
 ... who finally was ready to start negotiations with Palestine leader Yasser Arafat, but all this years that bastards try to rewrite history and also today blaming Palestine on refusing “peace plan” and praising their zionist masters... 
 Look at us, Palestinian children, until we grow up we will never lose our enthusiasm against the Israeli Zionists ... listen and see our struggle that will never back away from the barbaric barbaric Israeli Zionists . 
 It's the ZIONISTS who wants war with Iran 
 Seth Rogen should accept that Jews have more of an inherent right over Palestinians in their land? In today's age of equality and justice, can you please stop representing the Jewish people and just speak for backward Zionist ideologues? Your really abusing antisemitism label. 
 Its how Zionists who claim to be anti-Zionists deflect by doing the immanent critique thing on critics and psychoanalyse them to be the opposite of what they were. Its why I think Mark Humpty and Mark Mazoe are on the same team 
 Keir Starmer, who appointed Lisa Nandy high up in his cabinet and is supporting measures she has outlined against West Bank settlements is in fact a Zionist shill, another hot take fron the left 
 For sure Meijer is resting in peace but, no doubt the Israeli Zionists shall burn in hell for killing Palestinian children. 
 Jones accepted an invitation to a conference in Iran.Did he know about Dugin or know that Dugin was going to be there at the time?Who knows! Does this mean Jones &amp; Dugin are best buds? No. Why wouldn’t Iran bring together those who criticize Zionism &amp; Zionist control of the West? 
 The media mocks blacks. The media is in the hands of the Zionists. 
 fuck israel and all zionists 
 what if they’re a zionist trump supporter 
 No of Jewish countries: <number> . Correction X No such Country exists, A Zionist State Yes , but then not all Jews are Zionist, &amp; not all Zionists are Jews . 
 Trump and his zionist administration planned the attack on innocent protesters and the Republicans are cowards. Trump wants to oppress America like Israel oppresses the Palestinian people. Free America Free Palestine These are tatics employed by Israel 
 As a follow up everyone make sure to check out the other videos on offer by the Zionist Report. Like did anyone know the Jews created Hitler and the Holocaust was part of a Jewish agenda? If you did not the channel can fill you in: 
 The "anti-Zionist is not anti-Semitic" lecture that Jews are subjected to does nothing to harm Israel. What it does, though, is marginalize Jews around the world. Wrap anti-Semitism under an "anti-Zionist" flag, and it's the same "respectable," drawing-room anti-Semitism of old. 
 the Zionist know bloodshed and the oppression only. We must keep ourselves away from it else this virus can infect ousystem too 
 choice| Is the Lobby Choice? 
 Zionists: *ethnically cleanse Palestinians from their home land* Also Zionists: HoW cAn ThEy Be PaLeSTiNiAn iF tHeY dOn’T LiVe tHeRe? 
 Hayim Bialik - the Israeli 'National Poet' and Zionist <number> - on Jews. "By the Jewish will, it is they who, in principle, are the creators of the Renaissance (reason displaces faith in Christ), liberalism, democracy, socialism and communism." 
 There are Jews of Yemeni, Syrian, Lebanese, Palestinian, Egyptian, Moroccan (North African &amp; Arabic) descent. Jews are all over the world just like other faiths. However, Abraham, Moses, Joseph, Jacob, etc, were NOT European. Zionists are Criminal invaders. That’s the difference! 
 Antisemitism myarse The JC vilified more jewish socialists than any wingers,purely because of their non zionist views. 
 Remember control most call except . Since we all agree is pure evil should not we ask who OWNS IT! has made it clear only leftwing policies are written about. He even PUBLICLY ANNOUNCED his paper will not investigate any ! 
 This commentary traces the history of Israel's claim to the narrative of victimhood from the early Zionist movement campaigns of the beginning of the 20th century to the present day &amp; how that has been used to justify Israel’s actions against Palestinians. 
 This is exactly the propaganda of the Zionist Satanists at the time when man has been battling cancer since <number> . That he eventually died of covid- <number> and what a tragic irony... it was against the mask. 
 It’s always a must to share the dirtiness of ⁦⁩ and his Zionists, cronies etc , spying drones ! 
 Those are lies about Islam. As a Catholic, Pope John Paul II describes how we should treat Muslims, as does the Church. Military and Zionist propaganda is of the devil. 
 How about an anti zionist who loves elon musk. “Colonize mars and not Palestine” ?? 
 Zionist lobby again 
 You should recognize that Zionist state is an intrusive entity in ME and Palestinians could clean their house in accordance with their neighbors. 
 It might be because <percent> of American Jews are Zionists. 
 When you think about a bunch of dudes shouting white power do you think about these <number> Zionist jews? 
 The Anti-Apartheid campaign against the extreme racism of Zionist Apartheid is several years more advanced that the campaign against apartheid SA, but it took the Expulsion of Apartheid SA from The Olympics &amp; FIFA on 16July <number> to kill it 
 and trust me when I say even Germany has some big hidden problems... 
 : Zionist occupation forces are now bombing ...again 
 This what the Nazi use to say about the Jews this Zionist are very good student’s 
 Rep McCollum..World Citizens admire ur True Girth in defending children of PALESTINE being Arrested,TORTURED,MURDERED,JAILED,MAIMED, by Zionist soldiers of EVILnetanyahu(EMPEROR of USA)-may God Bless u,Pres.Sanders &amp; d Squad!these r d REAL Terrorists.. 
 However Zionist gave us back our birth rights after Hitler took so many of our people! 
 Labour party is dead at least for now. It has been taken over by agents of Zionist members of the British establishment. The only thing left of it is its name and few last defenders of the interest of British people, which they too soon would be accused of being antisemitic. 
 They are all Freemasons peel back layers with Trump you see Jared Kushner is billions in debt with Soros. Freemasons all over and Zionists. Trump is controlled opposition. He is playing us as false outside manchurion candidate. JFk and RFK were true enemies of hidden hand. 
 The Hasbara soulless cyber mercenaries flood the comments with zionist propaganda. Judaism is a religion not a nationality, just because Jews used to live here 2000y ago does not give you the right to claim it as your land just because you share their faith. 
 Continuing with the white saviour theme. These <number> d*ckheads are Sykes and Picot. The authors of the /brilliant/ agreement that divided MENA into British and French territories, lead to millions of deaths and the eventual creation of the Zionist state. NO MORE WHITE SAVIOURS. 
 Wtf are you talking about? All the candidates but bernie are zionist They defend and justify israel violation of human rights 
 Jews are just as much victims of Zionism as the Palestinians and now Americans. Pretending that AIPAC is a benign lobby with no teeth is an old trick that no longer works.Yes, Zionists did put Tom Cotton in office thru AIPAC to benefit Israel, at the cost of American interests. 
 Only <percent> of Palestine's land was sold by Palestinians. The rest was achived by killing, invasion, and looting by Zionist's Israelis. 
 The American ( meaning Zionist) strategy is to draw a wedge between Arab Countries and Palestine.They successfully separated Egypt and Jordan and now UAE from the Palestinian Cause. Whenever Arab regime wants to betray Palestine it declares its doing for “ saving” Palestine. <number> / <number> 
 Do Zionist execute gays? Do Zionist execute people for blasphemy? Do Zionist execute you for apostasy? Do Zionist execute married women who were raped? When a Zionist execute someone for drawing a cartoon of Abraham, get back to me. 
 Ahmed Erekat is a victim of treachery and murder for the Zionist occupation .. Israel demands democracy and peace and it is the most criminal crime that commits crimes .. This is not the first time, but thousands of times killing our people in cold blood 
 .... I use to love me some Celine Dion... But never again... She is a zionist fascist...... 
 Wikipedia is also pro Zionist. Meaning they are pro racist. 
 Yey, even in where Zionists stole land+built ! 
 “We have forgotten that we have not come to an empty land to inherit it, but we have come to conquer a country from people inhabiting it” Moshe Sharett "Liberal" PM of the Zionist entity 
 i know you aren’t saying this zionist is cooler than academy award winner Christian bale 
 amazing how incredibly strong, determined and unbeatable Palestinians are; <number> years in a zionist terrorist concentrationcamp, uinder barbaric circumstances, inhumane conditions, with dayly tortue and humiliations - the man is unbroken and strong as ever before incredible! 
 Hitler was a Zionist RT : RT : Sick: Why is a history teacher comparing Republican values to Hitler &amp; Fascism? She is teaching stude… 
 I confess that I do not like Pakistanis but unlike you I have yet to call them the bane of humanity as you did about Israel and zionists.Never expect to hit someone and not get hit back , at least by me. 
 Chemtrails all round world before those that want to take it on take a fecking look ! Close one nothing in nature is straight ! These rows of clouds every where in USA they spraying us so who feck r they Zionist jews E.U military stop spraying fake clouds with shit over us all 
 Well, we were ruled by the British, before that the ottomans. Every other country got independence after that. We received, a new colonizer, the Zionist colonizer. Now we live under apartheid. But it’s okay, if we all live in one state, we can determine our future together. 
 Famed Zionist Pastor John Hagee’s Brother Arrested On Child Sexual Abuse Charges 
 We have to be able to forgive each other for past misdeeds. But the Zionist line is to deny their incriminating history as part of denying their ongoing crimes. So the context can be very salient when refuting that point of view. 
 